hello everybody thank you guys for being
here I'm very excited man so this is an
intense one I'm very excited giant fans
of both you and I'm glad we could do
this same it's so much um so you guys
want to start with song yeah let's start
with the song will start with song bad
beast bad beast yeah alright okay this
is the first time we've like done this
together so holy shit yeah look out
folks
[Laughter]
[Music]
keep you in each you go for my I was
dragging me man you like I'm your child
kicking and screaming stuck on your
leash
kill me the cream just licking his teeth
down
is bad beast living in me chained me up
it set me free so we do it over and over
again and keep me down damned if I give
in and down if I die
[Music]
to hell with it yeah I'm trying to rise
above I try playing dead
you can try calling up that ghost in my
bed you just laugh can catch his breath
said he won no match but angel e death
day
it's bad beats living in me chaining me
up
it's Emily freezing do it over and over
I can't keep me down
they'll be forgiving and if I don't
[Music]
very mean one day on Sunday mama
pray for me it's so very mean one day on
Sunday mama won't you pray for me
so bury me when a son a mom won't you
pray me
[Music]
I don't think that I'm weak I don't
think I'm unfit I don't think I've even
seen the Nicholas shit sorrow with the
dirt these bulldozing me it'll hurt a
lot of hurt carrying my grief goddamn
[Music]
me
[Laughter]
how many times you guys performed
together
not many I maybe once at the Jameson
thing that was the second time yeah I
just run into Gary you guys never fucked
around together nothing before that one
moment no I mean we play a show the
first time we met was like over 10 years
ago and we were just babies
you know that show was so dope show that
you guys did that Jameson thing was so
dope well you remember that well you
were there and then Jameson was like why
is this video like going like viral cuz
you tweet it or you like you know
they're all asking us about PR and stuff
midnight riders one of my all-time
favorite songs so when you guys went
into that like randomly Mike oh my god
when I used to get up in the morning
whenever I just have to do morning radio
morning radios like you got to be funny
at like 6:30 a.m. you know and you shake
shake the cobwebs off mic just went to
bed like four hours ago so I would hit
hit a joint and listen to Midnight Rider
you would always that tells my new
morning song Midnight Rider was my cuz
when you're high first thing in the
morning on your way to the radio there's
a feeling you get when you listen to
that song like these guys were just out
there yeah it's a cruiser oh my god they
were free yeah no yeah the music then
was so free yeah there was something
something special about like that era
music in that song and then to see you
guys doing it together and to give it
that Gary Clark jr. sound yeah yeah you
have got a sound you got a sound man
it's amazing all the fucking people
playing guitar I hear your sound like
you have a sound that's special it's
very great
100% the fuck you're doing magazine oh
shit I keep trainees Steelers tricks I
don't know that did you guys together
with bent there was it was Ben oh yeah
and there was someone else right a
drummer Connor that's right yes that's
right and you guys together
god damn that was fun fun Thanks yeah we
did you know I don't know when honey
honey's gonna play again but we we did
have we had a lot of fun you know guys
made some awesome songs thank you
[Laughter]
so that's crazy that you guys had never
done that before that one night well you
brought us on you you bestowed a great
gift on honey honey by because you
played at the ACE that day yeah and or
that night and then there we were you
know brought in by Gary to do this after
party sponsored by Jameson hence all the
like Jameson barrels and all the stuff
it was so much fun
I mean and it was in downtown LA which
like adds to it cuz downtown LA is
straight-up Blade Runner these days
homeless people by the thousands and
gangs and weird graffiti and dudes are
lifting and closing garage doors in the
middle of the night to fill with people
inside yeah I went down there the other
day man and took my wife for some nice
restaurant drive was like bro don't go
anywhere else around oh my god we filmed
fear factor that we watch people smoke
crack yeah or meth whatever they were
smokin they were smoking something and
they were just doing it openly in the
street like we were elevated and when
them little
oh my god
yeah little those little vials broken
vials would be everywhere it's crazy
yeah it's like Mad Max but it is and
it's also beautiful buildings they've
also built these insane apartment
buildings there's gorgeous office
buildings
it's very strange it's like there's a
concerted effort to try to turn it into
some like to gentrify downtown but I
mean it's happening but when you're in
California do you really want to live in
downtown LA Eddie Bravo loves you there
but you don't there oh yeah
it's a fun hang but you know I want to I
don't know I want to be in the the
canyons the rolling hills of Los Angeles
course you did perhaps a beachfront
property a little bit of uni and Brad
Pitt I had a dream that I was wait for
the Joe Rogan podcast and I also had a
dream that Brad Pitt and I were dating
and I was in fact late as we've talked
about so I can't nice ladies and good
music I got one for you I did it was
incredible how how weird was the
violence oh god it was tough I watched
it with my parents
and what's what was ironic is they knew
who all the characters were like my dad
said oh I bet that's text I'll bet
because those were real people still are
some of them and you know that was kind
of chilling to me to think about the
fact that they knew by name who these
Charlie Manson heads were by watching
this movie cuz you know way before my
time
so what's super super popular story and
the other part about it is like those
people that killed those folks you know
how the story turned down right so
you're expecting yeah I loved a happier
ending is way back it's like inglourious
basterds - they're just other Brad Pitt
movie and like just plugging this one or
what he knows he's a wizard
he's he's the last guy allowed to make a
movie like that yeah when I said that
the violence is shocking I don't mean
necessarily that it's bad I'm not saying
that I'm saying shocking that in a movie
in 2020 you could have a dude smash some
girls yeah exactly I mean this is wild
that's pretty grand fathered in I think
Tarantino's grandfathered in right
because everybody has always known him
for having the wildest craziest fucking
see from pulp fiction yeah straight on
his whole career like I need to be
expected yeah the fucking uma Thurman
with the the injection and the nobody
goes deeper than Tarantino but the thing
is that he can still do a super ultra
violent movie and people consider it
great art mm-hmm and I think that's
getting harder and harder to do right I
think I think he's sort of like
everybody knows that's a Tarantino movie
you're gonna need to see some madness
right but I think of a new person tried
to do it they would hit more woke
reaction more people like are we really
celebrating a scene where a guy smashes
a woman's a head into pulp he does a
good job of like like getting up the
good guy to win oh yeah so and we all
want that badly so you know if anything
like he's got a formula that continues
to work yeah I want to see the bad guys
get the shit kicked out of them that's
it's there's justice yeah it's fucking
great it's fun entertainment you know
but there's a sort of resistance to
certain narratives and and certain kind
of scenes certain kinds of depictions of
violence no you shouldn't even have it
for entertainment sake mm-hmm you know
but god damn it's so nice having someone
like him around yeah I would love to I
met him at the Comedy Store he's super
nice cool but he makes madness you know
you leave a Tarantino movie like what
the fuck pretty soon Joe you're gonna be
in the next Tarantino movie no I'm not
in talking like this I'm just
appreciative yeah that's great yeah no
I'm with you
that's why I'm appreciative of music - I
have no idea what's going on neither do
we I don't care how many instruments do
you play just a guitar or do you play
others I just play this well enough to
keep the lights on she's humble folks
master of none though master of none I
it's been fun though I I really I
started practicing every day and I
really like love it you know I used to
practice because I was afraid of sucking
and now I practice because I just I
really just want to play yeah and I
think there is a threshold that I that I
crossed like a little while back and but
I just I I need I want to get so much
better you know I'm sure you could
relate to that like it's just it's hard
to be satisfied do you do you find a
struggle between being a person who
concentrates on one aspect of music or
one concentrates on a bunch of different
arguments yeah yeah it's like I haven't
picked up my banjo in a year and then
but also I think when your muscles are
strong and you play one of them all the
string instruments are kind of like
cousins you know but the violin is the
hardest one when I step away from it
went and then I come back there you know
that makes sense yeah that's a crazy
motion yeah it's an emotional instrument
too like yeah you totally got you could
you're crushing it you're so good at the
violin
[Laughter]
it's true it's such a weepy instrument
it's a Beautif the ones ever like it's
just so nice that those Wizards of the
past figured all these fucking things
out yeah you know man could you imagine
being there when the first person sat
down at the piano and was like oh my god
yeah imagine the life where people only
could make noises but they were crazy
people like Mozart and you know
Beethoven they went nuts wouldn't you
make go nuts if you were smart and you
lived back then
[Laughter]
concerto everybody was thought to be
crazy that had any any idea outside the
system you know they put Galileo under
house arrest because he was figuring
shit out about the really like he ended
his life on house arrest he couldn't go
anywhere just because it was heresy you
piece of shit he was challenging the
orthodoxy it's funny all that stuff
manifests today you know the same sort
of same thing it's a part of people we'd
like to control how people think and
behaves and if we could do it under the
guise of religion or under the guise of
the correct politics or under the guise
of anything anything we can do it's just
a pattern of human behavior you see it
with you know right-wing people who want
to get people fired you see with social
justice warriors who want to get people
fired it's a pattern of human behavior
there's people that are the most
aggressive soldiers for a cause right
and they're at the front line of
anything good or bad and sometimes you
know people get fired some people get in
trouble chaos why I just feel like these
days I really struggle with like you
never really know the truth it's hard
and it's so frustrating because I want
to be on the frontlines of information
and know what's going on in my country
in the world but I get so fucking
frustrated and I'm really struggling
with it to be honest you should it makes
me insane
you know and it's it's hard to put
things into perspective - yeah I
coronavirus thing is a good example of
that
it's got everybody on edge and we all
should be on edge for diseases don't get
me wrong why are we not on edge that
500,000 people die every year from
cigarettes
yeah they die prematurely from cigarette
really that is an insane pile of bodies
right that happens every year we're
barely worried about that okay you
should probably quit smoking but what I
would live your life sister in whatever
brandy oh there's a solid point there
it's a good point yeah man
they're good for your brain I've had a
couple of cigarettes I've had them with
my friend Tony inch cliff right before I
went on stage I was like whoa and then I
had when I went to work with Chappelle I
smoked a cigarette with him before every
show yeah I was like I get it I see
what's going on it's not like I just
thought it was stupid they say it's a
nootropic that it actually nicotine
actually enhances brain function really
yeah yeah it has a similar effect to
other nootropics like you know yeah yeah
like alpha brain or and any of those
like one cigarette yeah kind of like an
occasional cigarette is that we're
talking make a teen in and of itself is
a stimulant that I'm sure I'm saying
cigarettes what I really mean is
nicotine but that nicotine in any form
whatever you can get it if you chew if
you smoke a cigar if you get totally
chew it does something to your brain it
actually enhances the way your brain
functions okay maybe a little bit of
your memory maybe a little bit of your
verbal your dictionary you know pull
words quicker well here's a crazy story
I don't think so doesn't work for me
well maybe well my grandmother in a fit
out of it my grandmother had a brain
aneurysm when she was like in her 40s
whoa and
she-she my family's in the restaurant
business in Cleveland and they just
opened a new store and the story goes
like this she was they they weren't up
to code or something and they needed to
like clean the shit out of this place so
they could get their you know license or
whatever so she was really stressed out
and she she felt a pop and heard she
said it sounded like running water in
her ears and she called my uncle George
and she smoked a cigarette outside and
waited for him and he went to the
hospital sure as shit she had a brain
aneurysm and the doctor said that the
cigarette was probably it probably saved
her life because your blood vessels they
constrict right is that is that who's
the doctor here I'm a doctor but anyway
she survived the brain aneurism it was
like you know but the the story is that
the cigarette had a lot to do with her
making it to the hospital alive you sure
that she didn't make that up she also
did a couple rails of cocaine and sorry
dad which limits the amount of blood Wow
folks if you have an aneurysm start
smoking do to it smoke those filterless
cigarettes with the most savage humans
yeah I knew a guy would break the
filters off he didn't give a fuck he was
a gamble how were his teeth they weren't
that good I would imagine some weren't
that good yeah well that was it was a
guy that I met when I was in a pool hall
in White Plains New York it's one of the
first times I really understood what
gambling addiction is I used to pass it
off as being no big deal but being
around like real gambling addicts oh
yeah and the really ones that I liked
like they're nice guys this White Plains
Charlie was a nice guy
stop gambling he couldn't stop gambling
because and he was a pretty decent pool
player like and he would win
occasionally so a buddy would always
want to play people for money always
want other people to back him like come
on get behind me I can be fucking beat
this guy and he no matter what it was he
had to be in action all day long and in
New York you can bet on horse races oh
yeah you know they won't let you have
casinos in New York City but you could
go to these off-track betting places
yeah this fucking guy couldn't stop
gambling all day long and then I started
to study him like as his friend he was
quite a bit older than I was when I was
in my 20s he's probably already 60 did
you file that under the what not to do
category of your studies filed and all I
didn't know that was a thing yeah I
didn't grow up around gamblers
so watching this guy was like whoa this
is crazy yeah like these guys are all
addicts yeah well like the old folks
that like the slot machine addiction
they also have screen addictions but
this guy would snap the filters off
cigarettes fuck feel like I'm not
surprised it's I enjoy this company for
the brief amount of time they just hang
out with him and he's a kind of a
legendary character around White Plains
New York walls yeah he was a great guy
that's where when I first moved from
Boston to New Jersey I was around a lot
of these weird characters if this one is
from like comedy stuff or just from well
one part of it was from comedy stuff
because my friend John Tobin who was
also stand-up comedian I was friends
with him first and he started working at
this pool hall okay and then I'm like
wow well let's go fucking play some pool
so you've been like pool sharking for a
long time yeah but it was just being
around weirdos yeah the this is the
point I'm not in that good a pool player
the first time I played pool with Joe he
put a glove on and I'm like what's going
on here
what is this it was very intimidating
I'm not trying to show you its the balls
like I have to play the balls correctly
yeah they demand respect
don't I know it that was the first time
I was ever terrible people want you to
take it easy on them that was the first
time I was around like around like
legitimate I realized I definitely had a
point somewhere know how you were
meeting all these characters in New
Jersey and like pool halls and comedy
and
people understanding addiction gambling
addictions I don't know how it was oh
the addiction thought they were just
being weak and being around people that
were like really addicted to gambling
I'm like this is just like a drug this
is a drug they're giving themselves it
is that but it's also they don't go to
the drug store they go to the oh my god
what the fuck of I done store yes gets
them all day like fuck yeah and then
occasionally in low lows you know it's
it's a thing I am a gambler you know
that big time damn how much have you
lost
I'm not a lot I play poker regularly
what's the big hit what's the number-one
hit I mean I want like the most I want
in one sitting was like literally 500
bucks just like I was at a three card
poker table but I like home games I like
playing poker with my friends you like
taking your friends money yeah that's a
sure that's a hard yes you find out a
lot about someone when you beat them in
a game no I like you know you don't want
to play cards with someone who's gonna
be a dick it has to be fun but it's
interesting it is it's interesting they
get angry after the game's over
yeah right no oh yeah yeah sure some
toads could lose 20 bucks
yeah and be pissed at you for a year
yeah that's fun but it's weird that we
get so personally invested in the way
cards lay out yeah to the point where
like fuck you you're always giving these
fucking aces it's half that and it's
also your you know this
the this game and you have to read
people and like you can see how people
hold their hand I can usually tell if
someone's got cards you know you just
pay attention do you think that's what
poker is it's like part like amateur
psychic part a game of craft and skill
yeah I also just like the hang when my
landlord has a card game downstairs and
I just walked downstairs with a bottle
of tequila and have so much fun and
don't need to leave the house and make a
couple go back upstairs in my apartment
those dudes that were sunglasses at the
table right the the threat of nothing to
them comparison the threat of someone
looking into their eyes they would
rather have that extra shield that's it
seems to me a wise move I respect it I
respect that so you're saying I should
wear sunglasses oh okay fine
thank you guys I saw jay-z in the crowd
the UFC once nighttime sunglasses yeah
that's how I feel about wearing hats on
stage I feel like I couldn't have liked
he could wear better sunglasses no no
those are perfect for his look are they
yeah look at the beads
that's a fatso he's got money look at
all them chips there's something pretty
spectacular about one of those guys that
can win those fucking World Series of
bullshit you know who does that
hey brother boost buffer from the UFC
really yeah giant poker player loves
that shit he's always in like poker or
pool he said poker Thursday pool you did
I'm looking at that guy's Bruce buff is
a killer poster poker player like a
legit one yeah he gets an old world
series up I feel like you'd be really
good at poker I can't no chance really
zero desire to be sitting nothing's
happening yeah but you but you can
okay that's fair that's fair but I feel
like as a you know martial artist who
your mind game is such a big element I
feel like you would crush it at a poker
table probably not because this is tag
powerful it's not fun to watch for me if
I watch and I go I get it again I get
sucked into that trap look I won't push
it on you but I might call you the next
time we have an a home game would be
really fun to have you there I'm
terrible I just touch it I just go there
and talk shit it's it's just because
look certain I just seen with golf like
I've been told to try golf and I'm like
I can't see I can't I don't want to get
into it I don't want to get stuck yeah
you guys are stuck my comedian friends
would get in the golf they'd go on the
road together with fucking giant golf
bags and travel across the country and
the day jokes at night they're always
exhausted you walking around all day
with shit is there a workout element to
it like do you feel working if you're
poor did you gotta carry your clubs but
it's also like just the whole thing
you're walking around this course right
for hours and hours and you know like
lining up shots and then move into the
next shot you're concentrating all day
yeah but shit takes forever
it's guys they love it especially rich
dudes like rich dudes who do business
love to play golf they get together and
they fucking SWAT that ball around chase
it in the gear yeah you mean like Golden
Tee it's I get it it's a super skillful
game but it's like to me it's
interesting as an outsider who's never
been bit by the bug I know that if I
tried it I'd probably get bit by that
golf bug it seems like everybody does
using game an extracurricular sport that
you're into like tennis no never done
that seems to me a recipe for meniscus
damage that I need for other stuff
I need a sheet I need to keep my
meniscus healthy for other students elf
I love Tennessee I would get so mad if I
couldn't like do jiu-jitsu
yeah because I played tennis yeah yeah
you know that's a solid reason not to
play tennis for real imagine what it
must have been like the first time a
human being invented a musical
instrument for real
imagine having been the drum maybe
probably yeah probably
an Olympian maybe some sort of a reed
that someone blew yeah went through yeah
made sound mimicking what the wind was
doing or bird calls right trying to lure
that turkey in I don't know what that
sound like oh my god some guys can do
that insane yeah there's no hunting
buddies and stuff they have legit turkey
calling contests and elk calling contest
or men that oh my god it is no
sportsman's channel might have some
footage on it but mostly but you can
find it on the internet because these
dudes okay yeah
these dudes they of course they have
these turkey calling contest
oh my god and they're like try to sound
the most like a turkey they can do I
can't do with my voice clear and the elk
one they put like a little a little
thing in their mouth like it's almost
like a it's like a read it's like a flat
read and it sits on the top of your
mouth yeah and they blow into a tube to
make these sounds like a really horny
male elk yeah and they have contests
crazy how do you know how do you know if
it's a good concert good question it's a
good question Wow it's a really good
question yeah Wow but it's an art for
sure it is when you hear this dude
do it and make it sound exactly like an
elk like wow and they can talk they've
been around elk for decades they can
kind of talk elk shit and they're also
attracted to them a little bit okay what
sounds like that's probably one of the
first sounds right mimicking animals
yeah but then someone figured out how to
make a fucking guitar and no one's
topped that shit since stop and think
about that for a while
whoever the fuck made the guitar that
well there was made like cat gut or like
animal intestines for the strings in the
beginning I know that
imagine how bored you have to be before
you start doing that that I hollowed out
for a year yeah when when did like the
scales like when did tone become a thing
this is fascinating
it's what's a weird thought feel like I
should know this homework to do should
we write it on the staples note Packers
learning about where in the sounds King
was what is it was it like the Egyptians
like who was the first musical
instrument creator was it the Egyptians
that we know of like where there's a
depiction and an image of a musical
instrument was it like a harp or
something like that when do you think
that would have been well I would think
yeah I mean what what your what your
time frame are we talking here for Jim I
don't either
Egyptians it was a long long Empire but
they were alive this is how crazy it is
Cleopatra was closer her life existed
closer to the birth of the iPhone than
it did to the construction of the
pyramids what yes what yes Egypt has
been around for a long fucking time yeah
yeah 2500 BC is the estimated year that
they built the Great Pyramid of Giza and
Cleopatra was like I think she died she
died in AD and she died closer again
closer to the iPhone
she died like the first couple centuries
or something ad that's so the Egyptian
Empire had been around for fucking do
you do you ever think about like in the
in the alien sense you know all the
conspiracy surrounding the pyramids and
things like do you ever wonder about
like more of the extraterrestrial
affiliations with the Egyptians not just
the Egyptians but with human beings and
this is why because it sounds ridiculous
because ridiculous mean talking about
people don't like to talk about it right
so don't it doesn't get considered as
being a potential reality but we're so
different than every other thing on this
rock there's nothing even close to us
we're so weird we make music we can talk
we can send video through the sky yeah
we understand Schumer we understand
nuance we understand chaos and you nice
and love and we're constantly making
newer and better shit and there's
nothing like us everything else is just
trying to mate even mate that's it even
dolphins dolphins are as smart as ice
apparently or maybe even smarter live a
giant head they have huge brains they
vikins
their their sonar capade they have all
this all shit that we don't we can't
even comprehend their language is
complex we don't even know what it is we
know they have a language but we don't
even know what they're saying they also
like to like play they have games seems
a lot of birds crows like to play but
we're so different
yeah we made crazy shit we can nuke us
yeah yeah we can nuke each other we can
fucking power our phones with the sky I
mean we're weird we make we did we like
this fucking wind I want to turn that
shit into a electricity we figure out
how to make windmills and planes that
soar through the atmosphere everything
else is just fucking and eating well
sometimes I well like back to where did
music come from you know sometimes I
wonder if like the people that came up
with these things I mean obviously you
can go to school and learn a trade or
you know become a master of your craft
or engineering but like sometimes I
wonder if it's just like some weird
other dimensional source that come
out of nowhere that's what I think ideas
are ya that's I'm saying idea I think
motion I've been saying this for a long
time I think we should think of ideas as
a life form that's trying to propagate
it hmm because everything that you see
came from an idea everything yeah every
invention every everything every song
that you've ever written and sang every
book that's ever been that stuff every
book ever written came from an idea and
then boom it's a real thing like imagine
if ideas because we don't know where
they're coming from I feel like that
when I write sometimes I'm like what do
you ever feel like that was like almost
like a gift like something's giving you
a gift yes like a chant like it was a
channel of sorts look yes whatever
yes it's weirdest I don't want this to
be misinterpreted like 100% give you
credit for creating it weird about this
but don't get where I'm coming from what
I'm when I'm coming from is everybody
that I know that creates things has a
very similar narrative they're like it's
coming out of nowhere like I just have
to be there to get it mm-hmm you know
it's a thing where you in the group and
it particularly if you spend a lot of
time on it and you're working at it and
you're passionate about yeah and you're
focused on it it's it's almost like a
muse even if it's not real it's still
real because it's it's there's an
accuracy to like if you pretended that
there was some god that was bestowing
upon you these amazing ideas if you
focused on it and if you you led the
correct life and lived the right path
then it would give you these gifts if
you focused on your art form and that
that would be like if someone told you
that that was a God doing that you like
God it's so ridiculous what do you give
a shit who's doing it it's the same
thing it's like a God's doing it for you
it really does work like if you focus on
what you're trying to do hmm these weird
moments do come out where creativity
like pops up and you don't know where it
came from an idea will come to you I
think it's equal not equal
parts but it's you know when you put in
the effort to like keep the muscle flex
like the creative one where you're
writing regularly or you're practicing
regularly and then you also kind of let
it you know sort of come in yeah it's
you know I saw Dan Harmon speak once at
one at Duncan Trussell 's live podcasts
and he had this he said he he called it
the ginger bread man theory and he said
it was almost like he was a giant I
don't know why this was what he said but
he was a gingerbread man and there was a
big hole in the top of his head and
there was all this shit falling into
this hole from somewhere and every once
in a while about 10% of it would lightly
dust the rim inside of the gingerbread
jar and that was him and the rest was
other stuff Jesus Christ I love Rick and
Morty you know think about that and then
watch Rick and Morty yeah yeah but you
also have to like put in an effort to
inspire yourself inform yourself read
and learn grow live and then you put all
that together and you know have you have
we ever talked about the war of art
Steve field book yeah for anybody that's
into it's not just like writing but it's
kind of about writing but it's also
about like I think everything there's a
weird thing that we call that you know
we call procrastination and and he calls
it resistance in the book it's really
interesting because you realize like
what is there's this weird thing that
tries to keep people from being their
best at stuff mm-hmm
trucky there's like a weird confusion
and stress about it that keeps you from
focusing on what you really need to do
to be a true professional and he sort of
lays it out in the book in a way that
makes you go oh yeah I never thought
because he figured it out like when he
was like 40 years old yeah figured out
what he had been doing wrong changed his
direction and then became like super
successful as a writer yeah and is like
really respected as a writer and this
book is one of the most interesting
things because you know like his history
that he kind of figured out how to get
out of his own way yep and
puts in the work mm-hmm well cuz I think
a lot of its subconscious too it's like
you want to succeed and you want to you
know grow and evolve but then there's
these obstacles of like yeah but you
know what today I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna you know you know what I got I got
a call you know you just kind of
procrastinate in this it's it's a
powerful force you know and and that can
grow into so many things you know your
self-doubt then oh I'm not ready I can't
do that I'm not ready I can't play that
show or whatever you know I'm not that's
not a good example but it seems like
there's a wrestling match in creative
people's heads
particularly performance artists like
you guys are the comedian's or singers
anybody where there's a wrestling match
between like creating stuff and and and
being disciplined putting in a lot a lot
of work or slacking off and feeling like
oh my god I got to get back to work
again and then being really excited to
work hard and get going again and some
people fall too far into one way or the
other and there's like a weird balance
in there like you almost like have to be
scared yeah fuck yeah you know I'm
saying yeah I think that because that's
that's your vulnerability is a big part
of its you know giving an honest thing
to a crowd when you're playing music or
comedy you know I think that sorry I
feel like I'm talking too much Gary I
i've played music with folks and and i
don't want to like say say this in a
knock against conservatory students and
things like that but i found that people
that are really really smart in the
musical education element and and you
know again i got a lot of friends and i
hope I'm not stepping on any toes but
it's almost like harder for them to vibe
out because they're so smart and they're
they're almost mathematical with their
playing whereas like Gary like let's
just fucking rock like let's hang out
and like find the thing where I
think sometimes I felt like when I
played with people that I know I'm gonna
get so much shit for this I'm so I'm
like kind of I'm trying to I'm trying to
find the middle ground that's like you
know I'm not gonna piss off too many
people it's not always the case right
there are some brilliant but like the
vibe is where it's at
so what I'm trying to say is yes you can
go to school and be the smartest and
know the map frontwards and backwards
but if you can't feel it when you're
playing live and playing with other
people then there's a huge missing
element that's what I want to say I I'm
not I don't want us but I think that you
almost have more of an obstacle when you
are you have that kind of intelligence
with music because it's upstairs
Barry do you agree with that or like
this I think of it like a radio like
like you know back in the day when you
would to a radio you try and dial in
whatever station and you get that Clear
Channel sometimes you'd have to move
yourself sometimes you don't you know
that place and I think that as a
musician for me what I'm trying to do is
gather information around me got the
little things and not consume myself
with this so when I'm in that place to
receive that inspiration that that
thought or that melody whatever that is
I'm not clouding myself with doubt or
this isn't what this person is doing or
whatever I'm just I'm here in this with
everybody but I'm like alright I'm gonna
dial this and so the noise goes away a
little bit less you're a good listener
like how can i as an artist how can i
dial into that channel that how can i be
the receiver and get that clearest thing
and and whatever you were talking about
with the ginger you know that little
pieces yeah of you at the top is like
you're holding on to to that thing yeah
and you know putting that all out there
as a as a force
it makes sense to me but that sounds
stupid no it doesn't sounds like some
people are so consumed with giving what
I know right and pushing everything out
there that they're not taking the time
to sit back and listen yeah like just
shut the fuck up for a minute yeah
listen to this beautiful inspiration
that comes out of nowhere just listen to
yourself you know Lassa being you know
so when you show up to a place and you
know you're jamming of course you're
gonna it's gonna be somebody who just
comes in and go it just gives you
everything that they know right I just
crushed this thing without without
accepting the fact that like there's a
weird a collective you yeah there's
other we're trying to all tune into the
same station and that's when that magic
happens that's writing jamming or
playing whatever recording can I ask you
this approach something that you've
evolved or something you knew
intuitively from the jump that this is
how you need to like to now and like
look at things from don't get to like
the way you're describing your ability
to shut the fuck up and look at the
world and draw inspiration from the
world is that something that came to you
in time or is it something that you
always kind of intuitively knew I just I
think it goes back to like sitting
around smoking weed with my friends and
just like so much pressure on myself to
be yeah what it is that you know what's
happening yeah do you be this type of an
artist to be this it's like just who
listen to myself who am i and listen to
myself I feel like he's listening to the
you know this is gonna sound and tuning
in that channel just gonna sound goofy
but that's what comes out and your music
when you did that Midnight Rider
comfortable Jamie find that shit
oh no I'm such a wonderful moment
because I hate using the word wonderful
but I really mean it's the only word for
that spot no it's just gonna be a big
resurgence of the whole cellphone thing
again
if they don't understand you never know
rehearsal you guys never sang together
you didn't do shit together you guys
bust out Midnight Rider I couldn't I
love that song I couldn't tell you the
fucking words if I had to sing it right
now be like oh I might fuck it up I
don't I I say you know like I said that
was my early morning smoke weed and go
to the radios song that's a fucking
amazing song oh my god this is one of my
happiest moments as an audience that's
Gary Clark jr. sound right there
Texas baby what are you playing at 3:35
that's yours that's ours
[Laughter]
yeah I know
Oh God that was fun
that's what I was talking about you have
a sound man if somebody played me that
riff and I'd be like that's Gary Clark
jr. a hundred percent boy someone
pretending to be him well that's cool
I'd like to piggyback that because when
when you came in and played on my tune
in July
you were just straight into the amp and
you were doing things with the guitar
that I was like doing and like I don't
it's it's you it's this guitar but you
didn't have any pedals you're just
straight in yeah just out there you know
I have video of you playing and I loved
it because you're just so sweaty
it's a good story because that and I'm
just like so grateful it worked out but
we my my dear friend John Spiker who
produced the record he he's a hell of a
guy and it was like the whole day we had
texted about you coming in and you were
flying in from Austin with your family
and you said I think I'm gonna make it
and you and then you said you couldn't
make it
and John Spiker was he also plays bass
in tenacious d and tenacious d was
having this like secret show happening
for Kyle gases birthday in in Burbank
and John was kind of like M deaiing the
whole the whole night and all this stuff
and so I was like Gary can't make it and
then like a little while later you're
like I can make it I'm getting in an
uber I'm headed to the studio and then I
was like shit John we gotta go we gotta
go to studio and I couldn't get ahold of
him cuz he's in soundcheck so I'm like
calling all his friends and I'm like we
gotta go and then finally he's like I'll
be there in 20 minutes I was like me too
and we get to the studio and the the air
conditioning wasn't quite on so and it
was in July so it
like a hundred degrees outside and it
was very hot in there like like kind of
kind of insane and we had a half an hour
for Gary to play you did like seven
passes and it was so amazing I have
video of this and I can't if I haven't
sent it to you I have to because it's so
great and you're just fucking shredding
and sweating and then when you left
you're like I feel like I just played a
show cause it was so hot and it was
great it was one of my favorite days and
then I got to go watch nation's TV
playing the shitty bar and it was
honestly I was just like this was a
great day yeah I'm I'm so stoked me as
long as Fire appreciate you thank you
likewise but yeah great guitar is
something that's been a part of this you
know the music history of great guitar
is it's a crazy history you know it's
it's one of those absolute most powerful
inventions that human beings ever
created was the guitar and then the
electric guitar because some of the
fucking inspiration has come from some
songs yeah that just just make you just
jump and scream and dance around your
house you'd stop and think about I mean
there's the vocals for sure there's
there's the singing there's the bass
there's the drums but goddamn a fucking
electric card the guitar needs to be one
variable you can't remove guitarists
change lives they do yeah agreed
they make you fucking pumped you can be
on the elliptical machine ready to quit
[Music]
you'll find that extra juice right
that's hilarious
that's so funny that you say that is
what motivates you because when I'm like
on tour and I don't want to work out I
think about you saying conquer your
inner bitch and I'll be like fucking
gotta get to that gym downstairs we all
know that inner bitch
oh sure you all have that inner bitch is
like some of us have an outer bitch too
we just need you
[Music]
yep let's have a coffee let's eat
something in the lid digest and work out
later right we all play a little weird -
your inner pitch I you know in all
transparency though to the per the
workout you know portion of this
conversation I definitely at this point
in my life work out harder than I ever
did in my 20s Wow
I love it it's awesome it makes me feel
so good would you start doing well you
know I last year when I played with
hozier the Irish dude you know we had a
lot we had a big tour and one of the
girls in the band
Rachel Beauregard this amazing woman
she's a yoga instructor and just like
kind of an like natural athlete and she
would just work us out almost every day
Wow and so every day we would do like
just about everyday you know yoga or
like circuit training or she'd like have
a group text in the gym and it's just
like my mental game alone was just it
just to have that release almost every
day was it was great and I used to be
pretty lazy with it was working out and
so now I I do I work out almost every
day if not every other day I like take a
day off every other day that's fucking
awesome it's yeah thanks trying to make
you proud so much better yeah across the
board just but like you know I love my
body but I also love like the the just
the effort you know yeah I feel good and
then I can you know go drink as much as
I want and I don't feel bad no I'm gonna
get like a Buffalo Trace endorsement
really come on now that's hilarious it's
fun but it's I mean so many people that
are suffering from depression that don't
work out might please people please
please it's a world changer it's better
than a drug that meditation yeah but
just
you don't even have to fucking go
somewhere man there's so many videos
online if you if you're depressed is
please please just try something
physical try there's a drug that comes
out when you do something physical and
you can do like simple burpees in your
apartment you could you could do
something but there's something that
happens when you work out it's not just
like you know like a vanity project
there's actual like benefits to the your
outlook mmm-hmm you know and that's what
people there's people that make
rationalizations they besos
rationalizations off the worst negative
stereotypes of someone who works out all
the time
CrossFit Bros or bodybuilder dude people
are like pretty happy you know there's
so many you know I think we have
requirements I think our body has
requirements in terms of like energy
expenditure and also threat
there's worry and like about nature
itself and when that doesn't exist
anymore I think the best thing that you
could do is challenge yourself all the
time with stuff and like one of the best
way to challenge yourself is like do
something that's difficult and do
something physical because physical
things are always difficult so if you do
something difficult meaning something
that you have to concentrate on getting
better at and think about and then also
do something physically difficult so
that your body gets its demands and you
can see things more clearly right
because there's the people that don't
ever get a hold of their body also don't
get a hold their emotions right they
spaz out well you know per the the
CrossFit thing too it's like there's a
sense of community there too like these
folks are they have each other's backs
they're motivating each other and you
know a lot of times when you kind of are
like I'm gonna hit the gym and you kind
of go solo there's a different
trajectory I think you know I mean some
some people can do a really good job at
that
I personally can't I will crap out
pretty early and just really that's
pretty good you know but if someone's
pushing me and then I'll stick with it I
couldn't agree more
yeah I couldn't agree more it's the best
ways for a class it's fun jujitsu class
for MMA class or CrossFit I know there's
f45 and or
into that yeah a lot of people are into
that bunch of people working out
together it's motivation I don't I don't
do well when someone like um kind of
like makes fun of me for not keeping up
like I was in a spin class once and this
this a night I've never really spun
before and I was it was hurting my back
for some reason like I don't think I had
my bike at the right height or whatever
not to make an excuse for myself but I
wasn't keeping up and the instructor
kept calling me out in the class
ambiently I know you hate me there in
the back in the red pants I was like yes
I do bitch fucking hate you I'm never
coming back here again
there's something about people making
fun of people they think is effective
positive that's usually doing good let's
keep going see that would have been a
hell of a fucking class you're
vulnerable you're so vulnerable you know
but that's that's a physical and it's
also like a social experience like when
you do a class with a bunch of folks
because you kind of feed off each others
energy whether you like to admit it or
not you know you kind of like it's fun
you see everybody's pushing yoga class I
could do yoga by myself but I like it a
lot better roomful of people we're all
in this fucking struggle together yeah
90 minutes of bullshit yeah no I'm
speaking of yoga I took the yoga class
yesterday walk out of my class in Silver
Lake Duncan Trussell stand in there and
he I think he was there for the
afternoon mindful meditation what sounds
like Duncan yeah probably anyway and
looked away and I took my sunglasses off
and I was like hey I don't think he
actually you're CIA plant rustles one of
the great influencers I did his podcast
a couple months ago it was really might
have the best Twitter page in the known
universe because he's the only one
that's never succumb to taking anything
seriously yeah like he has the most
preposterous like suggestions for the
future in the world and yeah his fucking
Twitter page is amazing yeah it's so fun
he's a funny dude he's so smart is that
on his page that's a bloody dick what is
that it looks like
Oh what is that I fake salami challenge
I don't know what that is I don't know
what it is either but I'm disturbed I
don't know what's happening
Duncan and I became friends when he
worked at The Comedy Store he was one of
the people he was a comic there but he
was also the dude who you would call in
like if you're in town he'd say hey man
I'm in town Monday and Wednesday and
they put you on the line up so I'd
called Duncan so and we I would give him
my days and then we wound up talking on
the phone for like fucking hours like
dude do you know about hours to Crowley
yeah fucking psychic
yeah UFOs and the reptilians oh my god
oh my god and then we just became tight
just from talking on the phone when I
would call in for my reservations yeah
you know my days that I was in town and
then we started doing gigs together yeah
you know he's one of the most
interesting people I've ever met my life
I don't know anyone like it he's he's
incredible
yeah I I don't know if it's okay to say
this on air don't say it okay no but
like he continues to like and like he's
like yeah there's no one like him no yes
he's a truly unique gem yep and I'll
tell you that story later this is a
televised platform and and we have to do
you know this company was sound
commercial because I do commercials for
them but it's real they were founded in
the 1700s the same company they did they
even operated through prohibition by
they had medical weed licenses right for
four people in California yeah yeah you
know they had medical weed licenses for
people in California thank you though I
know you what you doing you try to get
my
for people in California before it was
legal right but before alcohol was legal
you could get a medical medicinal
alcohol use license right during
Prohibition like the man gets shakes the
only thing that can hand it to you what
a racket but this fucking company did
that alton prohibition so they've been
making whiskey three hundred fucking
years I love that bonk it's a good story
well done near the same time period I
read that there was like a religious
exemption also for wine for Judaism if
you were around you could just I don't
know the way you could disperse alcohol
but there were also no limitations into
what it took to become a rabbi there
were hundreds of rabbis oh man
everywhere but that's a lot of work like
I don't think they were working I think
they're just okay honorary doctor
because like to be a rabbi and to go
through all of the the literature would
you the question well whether you would
or not if you wanted to do it it's no
moral judgment or ethical judgment it's
a it's a fucking immense amount of work
like if you if to go from learning
Judaism to yeah fuckin rabbi yeah you
know that's not an easy path that's kind
of that's kind of like in the Terence
Mckenna book true hallucinations where
he is studying he goes to Tibet and he's
trying I'm gonna totally butcher this
because I literally read it this morning
he's he's trying to go to this like God
I'm gonna this is so bad okay help me
out if you remember what I'm talking
about where he's I haven't read it since
2002 okay so are somewhere in that range
when I first started really getting into
McKenna
I don't necessarily
okay help me out here so if he's
studying Buddhism and he's but he's
really trying to get to this like top
level was eating when he was interested
in the chain know he's trying to get to
it's almost like a heretic like cultish
area of shamanism that also involves
psychedelics and he had all these
preconceived ideas about like what they
were doing but it was sorely frowned
upon for him to go study with these
people but he needed to learn the
language first does that make sense and
I'm just butchering this we should
delete this he was he was posing as a
student studying one thing but he really
wanted to get to this other thing that
had primarily to do with psychedelics
and was frowned upon in the that
religious community I it's bad are
usually was into that with almost every
religious community and he had a pretty
firm belief that all religious
experiences initially with a result of
psychedelics right and he was he was big
on this theory that he had that his
brother actually does almost a better
job of explaining called the stoned ape
theory okay his theory was that humans
became human because of psychedelic
mushrooms interesting and that the
psychedelic mushrooms are the aliens and
that psychedelic mushrooms exist in
other planets and they came over here on
asteroids and slammed into the earth
because this spores can survive in a
vacuum and so this weird life form that
actually breathes air like us ya know he
exists almost it's II absolutely yeah
they're weird
like to deny that that mushrooms are
weird like you definitely haven't done
them then because if you don't think
that might be alien life but you haven't
done them if you haven't done enough I'm
not mad at you and just like it's not
scary that might be worth it so the
story about people being like created
people by aliens we're talking about
earlier maybe the aliens of the
mushrooms and that's what McKenna
believed yeah I had this theory that and
got a bunch of like fucking science
behind it weird and the way I say
fucking science should show you I have
no idea what I'm really talking about
it's a great theory about the reason why
humans went from lower hominids to human
beings right was because we ate
mushrooms Enlightenment's the reason why
the human brain doubled over a period of
two million years was the regular
consumption of psilocybin mushrooms yeah
because it existed all around us and
then we ate them all the time and then
eating them all the time literally cause
some sort of fucking neural enhancement
of the animal it's a super controversial
theory but when you listen to his
brother Dennis talk about it Dennis is
you know he's alive and well and a super
brilliant guy and he explained it to me
and semi scientific terms I say semi
because I don't know what the fuck you
really meant but the way he explained
the development of language that the
reasons where psilocybin could actually
have enhanced the development of
language yeah they didn't make sense I
mean the the core of their mission when
they went into the Amazon in the 70s
with no cell phones no sat phones with I
mean they could like there could have
been two dozen things that could have
killed them on their way to this this
village
he's like profound in and of itself yeah
and the dedication to their study it
like is blowing my mind and it makes me
feel like I haven't lived at all did you
ever hear the lottery hare a story where
Dennis McKenna talks about eating so
many mushrooms that it literally like
lost all knowledge of who he was and
what life was amazing week's
breakthrough slash breakdown slash
expansion contraction
yeah supernova inside of his brain that
left like fucking reeling for a long
period of time I don't wanna say how
long it was but Terrence described it
and he described it like you just went
bonkers yeah he ate so many mushrooms
like he crossed over to the other side
and then he came back
I've never done like heroes DOS you know
like I well that's not true but I think
that like there's this part of me that's
like you know that are gods DOS I think
or the Thor shits on it that's yeah
because if he was by himself would even
remember to eat would he remember to go
to the bathroom what do you remember to
take people with him who knows I'd have
to review the story but he's so fucking
smart it's confusing he's one of those
dudes you talked to him you're like how
do you remember all this stuff like what
do you you talked to me about the actual
origins for speech and like why could
have been connected to psilocybin and
the impact that psilocybin has on the
brain and it's this weird thing it's
it's like that's a comforting thought
though the man has done so many drugs
that like on top of his intellect that's
really cool he's a super super super
nice guy too but it's almost like
there's a key slot in our brain for
mushrooms oh hey Klunk
yeah it just fits right in mm-hmm it
just locks right in place and it might
be the reason why we are who we are and
somewhere along the line we forgot you
know I've definitely okay if this isn't
okay to say on the air we can take it as
totally but I've microdose you know
after tours but like when I was sad
after tours like I don't know Gary if
you if you get like this but I'd have
this like comedown of like depression
for a couple weeks after the road and
like there's that initial excitement to
be home but then your body isn't used to
the non momentum you're you're like you
know like the train stopped but you kind
of keep going another you know 100 yards
or 500 yards or whatever and I I would
get really sad and I come home and sort
of feel like I didn't know how to come
back to my reality it's lonely it's kind
of you know whatever but I would
microdose a little bit and it would just
kind of get me out of my depression the
tiniest bit I wouldn't even trip I would
just take a look
a bit of you know and I think there's
obviously like this is nothing new
dozens of people are doing that now but
it's something that I like I'm I think
is it's really profound and helpful has
been in my life yeah a lot of people
will agree with you it's so funny that I
thought after all we've been talking
about this is the moment where I'm gonna
get a phone call from the feds I'm happy
with it you know that's on the ballot to
make the decriminalize mushroom right I
know you I don't know much about it but
trying to push it through and thanks to
people like maps you know who this that
organization run by Rick Doblin is doing
all this crazy work to try to show the
benefits of psychedelics particularly
with MDMA and soldiers PTSD you know the
MDMA in soldiers yes MDMA and people a
victim of violence victims of auto
accidents a really common one for PTSD a
lot of people getting auto accidents and
have that yeah and they're doing this
work with PTSD and MDMA and they're
trying to show like this is a legitimate
therapy that's really like highly
effective when they look at it like that
instead of looking at like some it's
some illegal drug that's great only
terrible right and so you got
pharmaceutical companies that are gonna
want their you know take on it which
that's the problems that have influence
yeah the problem is not that they exist
because they make them a bunch of
amazing shit
pharmaceutical drug companies make
amazing shit and she keeps a lot of
people alive it keeps a lot of people
healthy but they also are invested in
making tremendous amounts of money and
yeah they're like cellphones if they
find a threat to that money and they
move in politically and they stop that
threat and they'll hold back certain
drugs from being turned legal but a
really beneficial that might cut into
their profit margin well I like briefly
told you about Sarah set the the sleep
therapy I did yeah tell me more oh my
god
so I have had insomnia for over a decade
like most months I could look back and
tell you what days on I could count on
one hand that I slept
like eight hours so I would fall asleep
and then wake up three hours later and
just kind of deal with the night and in
and out and it was a it is and was a
really tough way to live you know you
kind of just it sort of rules your world
a really good friend of mine my friend
Jake I met with him in December and he
said I really think you should try this
this program it's called Sara set and
and what it is is he he helped me obtain
a like a mobile device for my house but
you can they have facilities all over
the country and what it is is these
sensors are you wear this headband and
it has sensors on your frontal and
temporal lobes and it comes with a
tablet that is basically bouncing
soundwaves off of your skull so you
listen to these series of tones that are
like ding ding there's no order to it
and it is it is sort of measuring the
the brainwave activity inside your skull
and then evening it out right or left
brain it sounds so crazy it sounds so
crazy all I can tell you is that I
dedicated myself to it for five weeks
you don't have any alcohol you don't
have any marijuana not even CBD yeah you
feel me naughty yeah can you do it I
know you can you do your silver October
yes so I can do it I I was the first two
weeks were horrible the first two weeks
were like it got worse before it got
better but I I can tell you right now
for the first time in over a decade I'm
sleeping through the night
Wow like like I never was I mean
obviously if I'm like partying with my
friends I'm not gonna sleep through the
night but I have I did it it's so
different my life is like and I I have a
different I'm like my anxiety is kind of
chilled out cuz I'll sleep that makes
sense yeah but also recovering better so
something I I learned through Sara set
was that like I talked to this woman in
Indianapolis that was helping me like
with the program and she had a you know
she was like have you had any
significant head injuries which I have
like a jet ski accident I was 22 I got
fucked up I got concussed and I had like
two points of impact it was really bad
and she said you would be surprised at
how that can have an effect on your like
flight mode like I've been like run from
a tiger mode kind of thing and you know
basically the the program is tailored to
people with PTSD head injuries or just
high stress levels and yeah man it's
been great that's amazing I'm so and I'm
really grateful that I had a friend who
was looking out for me to help me with
it because I mean I was just kind of
getting used to not sleeping you know
regularly a woman who used to fight for
the UFC her name is cat Zingano badass
chick from San Diego and she had a fight
with Amanda Nunez there's the UFC
current bantamweight champion okay and
this is before she was a champion and
Kat actually wound up winning the fight
but she got badder in the first round
like really bad and her brain was fucked
up for a long time after that like she
had like significant imbalances in her
hormone levels and it was like
legitimate brain damage like she had
issues - the way her brain got rocked so
hard in the first round and she actually
came back and stopped man Nunez which is
crazy considering how much damage he had
taken in that first round but she went
to this place in San Diego that treats
soldiers I can't remember the name of
the place do you remember the name of
that place Jamie and they used some
something similar where there was
magnets like very very powerful magnets
and through some way it stimulates the
areas of the brain that's been damaged
and it regenerates the tissue yeah or
regenerates the you know the the use of
that part of the brain I don't
understand it either but like you know
sound is vibration so it's it's doing
something I mean all I can say is that
like I feel a dramatic difference that's
amazing that's so that's crazy
yeah and this is not an ad you could
just probably Google Sara said it's cer
ESET and they have facilities that are
kind of popping up all over the place
there's that there's another company I'm
not sure what there's no place you went
to no this is
this is a really good friend of mine who
was just looking out for me and knew how
bad my insomnia was and he had a similar
version of insomnia and everybody's
different you know everybody's got their
different like some people can stay
awake all night you don't know how long
before our robot overlords take control
of our brains
I don't relieve us from all the pain and
suffering that it is to be human
turn into a cyborg now I am Bionic the
more I think about aliens the more I
think they're us in the future that's
one of the theories that he's always
been bounced around because if you look
at what a human looks like versus what a
gorilla looks like if you keep going
with that it's as a big giant head the
control space and time around it that
that's probably what we're turned into
and we're gonna do it through
electronics we're gonna introduce
something into our brain whether it's
that Elon Musk thing they're trying to
do with it drilling holes and putting
wires in your brain neural link it's
gonna be gonna have like super fucking
accelerated ability to access
information
it'll be always at the tip your fingers
I'm guessing you know eventually I mean
how long before were robots we already
are we are it's already like I don't
know this is gonna give you love 24/7
through an IV drip I mean you don't
think this is a simulation right now it
might be it might be or am I not being
and that's the problem the problem is
it's so weird it might as well be a
simulation mm-hmm it's so bonkers it
might as well be a simulation it is it's
weird we watched some political game of
Thrones type shit television
that's a scary way to put us at ease
it's fascinating yeah how do we do what
do we do now
it's so weird it's so weird I yeah every
once in a while I wake up and I'm like I
think I just woke up in a different
dimension like I know that sounds crazy
crazy though it some of this stuff is so
overwhelming the way we're changing so
quickly yeah
the information that's coming at us that
I don't know if I'm shutting down or if
I'm just like going to another place
we are currently alive and conscious on
a raft headed to a waterfall cool that's
what's going on we're waking up what the
fuck
yeah we're what's changing so yeah yeah
we're going 25 miles an hour straight to
our towards a goddamn waterfall it's
definitely gonna kill us
I you know what though I don't Gary how
are you doing Gary's empty we need to
get Gary sorry Phil I could probably
choose to to pee yeah see God thank you
and I will see nice things about this
conversation we're gonna try to figure
out some sort of a like a national
mantra we're good we should keep it
positive people mess cows dangerous do
you want to open up this stuff this is
the stuff that Susanne brought for
Rosa's small batch please hand me your
glass kind sir we need to get some sort
of glasses made out of animal horns this
bitch makes it not a glass like Jamie's
all fuckin bullshit
you gotta cool if I doodle a little bit
[Music]
I owe you that guitar I told you but
they only made them in yellow dude I
don't care what color and the guitar you
want to bring here is it could be bright
pink I'll put that motherfucker on the
wall right next to Richard Pryor oh yeah
nice let's make it happen
didn't ever tell you the story about my
friend Phil Hartman when he was a kid he
was a roadie for Jimi Hendrix for one
night he was like what I would whatever
you would call it a grip someone who's a
stagehand and he was a he was a teenager
and Hendrix is at the whiskey and he's
there putting his hands on the speaker's
making sure they don't fall over because
they were kind of perilously close to
the edge and fucking going off he was
just going off right in front of a bow
right in front of them right in front of
him and he said dude he goes he was feet
away from me I could have touched him he
was Hendrix Phil Hartman told me with
great me and Phil Hartman got high a
couple times during that era it wasn't
much he got high he got high a lot in
fact I might not have even gotten high
definitely got drunk anyway he was
telling me about when he was a teenager
that he worked with Jimi Hendrix he was
a stage tech at the whisky wait so how
old was Phil them he must when I met him
I want to say he was 46 when I met him
coming off a Saturday I'm so like 90s 94
is when I met him okay I don't want to
say he was like late
so when he was a teenager Jimmy died in
late 70s right
he died in 1970 I think right okay so
how old the fill out so when I met Phil
it was 94 that was 24 years later does
that make sense
if he was like 19 at the time or
something like that Wow
so anyway he's a kid and Hendrix is
right in front of him and his job is to
make sure that the speaker doesn't fall
into the crowd standing there and he's
looking up at the stage standing from
the stage and fucking Jimi Hendrix's
right in front of him in this prime you
know when when everything is going down
you couldn't believe he was real you
couldn't believe he's standing right in
front of you like Hendrix didn't exist
before there was no there's no pre
Hendrix
there's just Hendrix and everything else
is like like you read about Eric Clapton
like Eric Clapton's quotes about seeing
Hendrix play for the very first time
it's fascinating
yeah because you realize like with these
top of the food chain guitarists go to
see Hendrix they go what the fuck are we
doing what are we fill said it was
happening right in front and Phil you
know would dabble in music for fun you
really enjoyed like playing guitar and
fucking around
so for him to be a kid and to be
standing right in front of Hendrix
performing was like wow did he know at
the time was like well he was a fan at
the time you know but I mean this is
like I guess it has to be like 69 or 70
whenever that that day was Jimmy's like
rain you know we need before he was like
playing clubs and then playing you know
to the magnitude question that's a good
question
mmm I'm not sure
before like really getting out there and
playing live playing live and stuff it
was like he's doing like two chillen so
I kept on Isley Brothers right people
like Little Richard right on okay they
didn't like him doing all that fancy
attention to yourself that's amazing
don't be great on my stage yeah
there's some sounds you know like one of
my one of my favorite influences of Jimi
Hendrix's Stevie Ray Vaughn
well my absolute favorites cuz he
managed to mimic Jimi Hendrix in a
tribute way but also make it kind of his
own like he did some shit that was
clearly he had a sound
she's grave on her sound yeah yeah but
he was a clear Jimi Hendrix fan yeah
like a superfan like that was a giant
influence of him you could tell yeah but
yet he was different like it wasn't
offensive it's like when he did voodoo
child Stevie Ray Vaughan's voodoo child
is fuckin slammin have you ever heard a
child's make it's not better but it's
fucking amazing that's right it's a it's
a it's a Stevie Ray Vaughan almost like
the Hat that's a tribute in a way cool
it's got a but it's got fuckin force
behind it it's good it's another great
workout song yeah man Oh someone mix it
together there's a video on YouTube with
both of them back to back well that's
another guy that like there wasn't a
Stevie Ray Vaughan before Stevie Ray
Vaughan he's a unique human yeah like he
had a very very unique sound
yeah and cactus shirt let's be honest
multiple times for over 20 years I never
noticed that Gary come on you're a very
fashionable man is he from Austin
where's he from Oak Cliff Dallas Texas
down goddamn well good shit comes out of
Texas sure does exhibit no chaos great
spots are there well they took a good
chunk of the fucking country and claims
it is Texas I don't want to say hey
I'm not gonna get political I'm not
gonna I'm just like as a as a texture
fuck sake
I mean you can't even go outside it's
why it's so good it's perfect if you
could take that sauna heat yeah just
just condition yourself sure get a song
yes okay now it's romantic
like main main spot that you mean hub
Texas yes Austin Texas is one of the
best places on the planet Earth yeah and
everybody knows it now unfortunately
yeah the traffic's no no no John there
yeah it's pretty
some people say like Houston fucked
Austin Houston fuck Dallas well a few
Houston fuck Dallas and made awesome I
should say that's what they say yeah
I've heard that before
hmm Austin is a weird spot right it's
like Austin is sick somehow or another
it's not it's not watered down in Austin
is particularly artistic some weird way
not entirely but there's a giant chunk
of artists out of Austin it's a fierce
artist yeah weird like yeah there's a
lot of in Austin there's a lot of focus
on Independence and a lot of like
rewarding independent artists and
independent musicians and appreciating
like real shit right Boston that's one
of the things about Austin it's like if
a hundred percent more than I think any
other city in the country favors real
shit mm-hmm if favors authentic food
authentic music it's okay it's a it's a
different kind of town oh yeah yeah it's
a different kind of town they not mind
the normal bullshit they're in bulk it's
a different spot you know and I hate to
say it because they'll get swarmed yeah
how do you feel about like well what's
happened to it since it's like people
like found out about it
yeah I live a few miles away yeah that's
good so you're not you're not in the
belly of the beast
you know but I I love I grew up there
and I was a teenager there but on those
streets and you know into the same faces
every day for 15 years I seen somebody
else yeah I mean for those young
musicians out there were you don't have
to deal with the bucket and playing out
there for tips and have these people
from all over the place coming in right
they can you know it almost feels good
did you do that you play with a bucket
in front of you yeah you did you were a
busker is that what it's called that's
the official track in clubs like you
know like hang out and you play for four
hours watch this how do you play
that's so cool and then you'd make six
dollars yeah four people damn
what are we talking when this was
happening 90 98 through 2010 when did
things I look for you when did things
like legitimately happen when eat in
2010 yeah I got a call up from Eric
Clapton's that can play my festival kind
of changed my holy shit so yeah man
burning candles you know but so I don't
mind the the folks coming through you
know I mean yeah if you intimidated
somebody's gonna come take your spot and
fucking game yeah it's it's happening
everywhere you know people coming in and
like how much you share you're really
good at you're like I don't know you're
generous man
what do you mean like I feel like you
have this ability to like when you were
talking about you know tuning into the
radio like you're a good listener that's
that's what that means you know as a
musician well I was a middle child so
it's never been about me
[Laughter]
yeah that's perfect that's so good
middle childs have a chip no but I mean
like that that's a really positive way
to look at rapid change like a city like
Austin that you know you could say it's
being inundated with just like this huge
volume of people coming in and it makes
your life whatever but instead you're
like nah come on it like that's that's a
good attitude I salute that but it's
different yeah that's a great attitude
for all aspects of life yeah the idea
that someone's gonna take your spot like
they're not gonna take your spot it's
not it's not what's happening
your spot and that's a that's a fucked
up way to live yeah you're being scared
I think for a long time people you know
really dealt with scarcity yeah you look
back at people that lived in like the
1920s and 30s did we like 110 pounds
like all the men little tiny men
everybody didn't work out they worked
you know people were like hoping you
didn't starve to death right you know
through the 20s like the roaring 20s and
then the depression that I mean what you
know people starve to death it was like
a regular occurrence mm-hmm and this
parts of the world that that's happening
right now yeah we are we're a weird
animal yeah we really are
yeah and what we are today is so much
different than what we used to be like
at lightning speed mm-hmm isn't it funny
to think about like the gym and all the
intricacies you heard my call to butBut
no no like to like our physicality and
how we tailor our bodies and workouts
and then just what you said like 1910
and people are weighing 110 pounds and
like you know they're just eating trying
to get enough money to eat and then like
we have these lifestyles of like to a
science or exercise and our diets and
it's fuckin fascinating yeah we're just
trying but also people around the world
are still living like that we're trying
to night no matter much yeah that's
we're trying to do they're trying to
stay alive we're trying to not eat
oh my god it's so hard no I mean it's
like let's take a minute would you know
how hard it's hard to do things yeah it
might be hard to mentally do not do a
thing yeah that mental struggle is real
as fuck though right yeah I think
there's like a weird line of being like
conscious of that and then feeling
worthy of your own lifestyle and your
own life that's where your reer weird
robot overlords helmet comes in place
yeah
become one with the vibration Suzanne
there's no there's no reason to be a
rebel stay tuned I'm ready to change
some shit the narrative I don't know I
don't like it
what narrative do you not like you know
music industry stuff I think I've been
working really hard to go against the
grain of like right now I'm
self-released like I don't have a record
company and I'm self-funded and it's
really hard but it's also really
gratifying at the same time because you
know right now I since I left honey
honey you know like honey honey's kind
of ah nice for you know sort of yeah you
didn't knew the territory no yeah well
we we're figuring it out you know well
well said but you know the the battle is
getting ahead you know and and being a
woman and being in my 30s and and not
like you know no one wants to hop on
board until they know it's working even
though I made this incredible record and
it's so well received and then folks are
like yeah well you know call us when
it's when it's working rather than like
get in now right and you know I feel I
don't feel discouraged by that I feel
informed
but that that's a also a business move
you know because it is we're taking art
and turning it into Commerce and no one
wants to bet on a horse that's not
winning yet you know and you know I'm
pretty I feel pretty good about what I'm
doing I don't think I should be doing
something else but it still struggle you
know so when I said I want to change the
narrative it's it's sort of like I want
to kind of prove to myself and others
that like you can do it like you find a
way you know and it's it's really hard
but you can do it you know and you get
help from your friends like this is so
cool to be here with you guys like I
don't know if I could really convey that
enough that this is a huge help to what
I'm trying to do right now but yeah also
this is the thing that like keeps me up
at night of being like oh my god but at
the same time you know the the music
industry I'll just speak to that right
now
it's tough well it seems to me if I as
an outsider has no business in the music
business when I look at it like it's a
big ship that had to like cut parts of
itself off and now it's a smaller ship
yeah and now it's like whoa it's still a
pretty big ship but it's not what it
used to be the money doesn't come in
anymore in the form of record sales so
it's it's entrenched its tentacles
deeper into the industry and other
things like merchandise and mate live
shows and all these different things to
stay alive and maybe it helps yeah maybe
it doesn't it depends entirely upon the
artist but I what you're doing at your
point in your life were you like look
this isn't fucking working like what
what do I need to do like being attached
to this group's not doing it being
attached that groups not doing it what
the fuck's doing it let me just try to
not be attached to someone yeah and
through the internet you have the option
to put your stuff out there yeah and it
gets a reaction from people what stuff
like this yeah and then they go oh shit
this bitch is talented well you know and
thanks first of all that's sweet you
know I love you I love you too I it's
not like I want to like take over the
world I just want to like make a good
living
love that's all I want you know and it's
it's fucking hard but it's also yeah
like it in a you know I want to capture
that thing I want to get into the right
tune into the right radio station and
also not have to worry so much about
like not having enough to get by you
know that kind of thing and it's it
sounds silly but it's not like that that
is my reality but what is the major
function of a record label not hating
just wondering what's the major function
of a record label when you're not really
necessarily selling records so they try
to blow up anybody's business well you
you can't you want to weigh in on this I
can give a little bit yeah therefore
marketing promotion marketing they're
the folks who helped you with budgets
for tour mm-hmm they're a bank so when
it's it's like yeah just for tour is it
because you have to lay out money in
advance to set up a set and to make sure
that everybody gets to the place they
have the money to get to the event and
set everything up and then then they
would reap some of the rewards so it's
almost like an initial investment and
then based on return from ticket sales
right so yeah so like you know it's it's
expensive to be out on tour right yeah
it's it's a lot to be anything and
everything basically and so what they do
is they come in and they'll help you
with with things like that and and but
sometimes it doesn't work for people you
know and that's that's the thing is like
people coming to this thing going oh I
made it I've got this deal but if your
record doesn't they've invested all this
money so it's kind of it puts this extra
pressure on you to figure out what you
need to do to make it and I think some
people go down a different route and
would change up switch up their thing
and and but they can be very helpful
yeah it depends on your attitude to a
lot of it is your attitude and what you
think of like you know are you being
taken advantage of or a system just
gonna pay off because there's so it goes
so up and down
you know depending on I would imagine
would be hard to be free and creative
and having a good time with it if you
feel like you're being taken advantage
of it would put a dark cloud over it
there's that and I think there's also
the misconception that once you get a
big record deal and I've had a few where
you think all of a sudden like you have
to stop doing something and they're
gonna do it for you that is like the
biggest mistake you could ever make in
and if anything you have to work harder
and prove to them that like you're kind
of worthy of their time and money you
know sometimes it depends it depends on
the company but you know essentially
like when you sign a deal with these
with these folks like they have a lot of
your creative integrity in some ways
depending on the deal on how it's shaped
and you know they own your copyright if
they want to own your record depending
on your deal sometimes you have more
leverage than others and you know if
that's the case like fuck yeah good for
you
well I thought I saw you sell it for the
exorbitant amount of money the idea that
you would own the whole song like they
would own the writing the music are
different okay so you could still have
someone else so that song so okay so I
self released my last record ruby red
and I learned a lot because I hired my
own PR and distribution companies and I
really got into the nuts and bolts on
how all this shit works
and I'm not sure if this has changed
because sometimes this is you know going
back and forth but when you own your
copyright the digital return on things
like Spotify and iTunes are ten to one
so when the record companies own your
copyright and all of your streaming is
is like kicking like just fucking taking
off they're making tons of money on your
even ten times more than you are yes yes
to Labor's now earning over 1 million
per hour from streaming that's fucking
insane shit so they figured it out they
figured out how to get deeper into the
arteries like real close to the heart
but the hustle is like trying to get but
they also they also have the keys to a
lot of doors you know think it's like a
weird trade-off to but I have a feeling
if you just look at the landscape that
that is less and less of an issue almost
every year there's you don't create
feuds I don't think they necessarily
have the keys to arenas I think if you
go through major agencies that's that's
solved and I think distribution over the
internet just through people finding out
about it and sharing it tossing it
around it's probably as useful if not
better than anything because I'll find
out about it
podcast find out about it people on
Twitter find out about it they retweet
shit people Instagram repo stuff and
then it hits millions and millions and
millions and millions of people 100%
organic and it happens all the time
which it is good I mean it's almost like
you're you're bankrolling on it not
being a good idea if you do it with
somebody else it's like what you're
doing is like bankrolling yourself yeah
I believe in myself let's just put this
out whereas if you do with a label you
have to so many people have to be and
there's nothing wrong with it and yeah
I'm sure it's worked out great for both
you and on numerous occasions but some
of this has to believe in you used to
have to work with someone there's a lot
and I'm sure like well first of all
there are some great companies I don't
know what like you know what come what
label you work with but you're fucking
amazing and you're crushing it and you
know like some companies that's not the
case and you know people's jobs depend
on your success and if they're scared
and they go in in this in this way that
it's not like it doesn't hit yes or
something like they drop you fast yeah
yeah and you know I'll speak well you
remember when Prince had to change his
name to a fucking symbol yeah exactly
that is the perfect perfect yes imagine
you are trying to keep your prince
that's just business
gyeo a tease of all time come I mean of
all time goats
he was androgynous before anybody knew
what the fuck it was he was dancing
around with high heels no one could say
shit cuz it was so good
think about all the homophobia we're
talking about transphobia homophobia
think about all the shit must have
endured in like 1988 or whatever the
fuck it is when he put out that first
album and it didn't matter and he
everybody it was so good everybody just
had to step the fuck back when Purple
Rain it was the way he was ridiculous
Ryan Reynolds was in a movie about a
singer who he was another planet
let come on oh that guy was on he was on
another plant really rarely people like
this exist you ever get to meet him Gary
no I fucked up one time no I came back
from tour wanted me to come out the next
day and I was jet-lagged and dealing
with family stuff and I was like I can't
make it tomorrow but my bad but such a
big fan I think yeah I think I mean I
funded that once I had a chance to see
him at the Hard Rock in Vegas
yeah like when he was just starting to
do music again a tour again yeah and it
was real late so yeah after midnight I
was tired I'd do some shit in the
morning work out I think we should all
work out tomorrow actually let's work
out tonight Jamie you and fucking bench
press competition drop this fuck after a
podcast
hop a muscle my leg or something your
meniscus no I was like my hammy
somewhere my lower it's that's the bane
of all existence but it's the source of
so much pleasure how dare you it is I'm
having a great time it's a rocky seas
that's what whiskey and boot all booze
and generals the rocky seas it's like
you have great moments but you also have
times are you gonna puke off the side oh
yeah okay when was the last time you
guys went to pukey town from drinking
too much from jane it's been a long time
but I'm cute from stomach virus just
four days ago
what oh my god in between shows of The
Improv cheesiness
my whole family had it my wife had at
first and one of my daughters had it and
then I'm like I don't get that shit
bitch and you sure do in the bathroom at
The Improv like that I do not feel good
I'm like I think I might puke I had to
go up in 15 minutes why don't I just
make myself puke and I'm like all right
let's make myself eat so I shoved three
fingers down my throat and I didn't puke
oh my god damn it my body was like oh
you want a party I mean fucking
cartoonish like down to the core of my
lower lower spinal column I was gonna
pull muscles a little bit I picked and I
stepped up and I washed my hands and I
went right back in I puked again so I
got two off I did a show like that once
and then I'll do the show and then I
drove home and on the way home I was
like keep it together bitch what car
were you driving the Tesla Tesla nice is
a comfortable ride so yeah very advanced
ride so to keep you away from those
horrible bumps it might disturb you I
barely got inside my house and just
I mean violent fight like the most
violent throw up I think I've ever had
in my life it was spectacular have you
like that have you ever like that yeah I
did the second show that night that way
too but I made it to the second show
with no problem the worst my friend we
were in Austin playing it yeah and we
just got back from the tour I was like a
holiday show and everyone's there and we
went got some pizza from this so me and
my tour manager at the time really sit
on the bus and we look at each other
like five minutes
hey guys you guys ready to go did you
tell him no but it was pretty obvious
yeah it was why my dad sweaty and never
hidden oh yeah oh my god but we also had
a thing over in Europe a couple of
friends of mine these guys in my band
had some oysters and oh no so we had to
fly the next you know like in Europe
when you're traveling this is
occasionally with food poisoning is
rough because did you know that when you
get food poisoning on a boat they try to
quarantine you know I didn't know that
either
yeah food poisoning apparently can
spread from person to person never knew
that until this weird night I didn't
know anything someone someone got food
poisoning on a boat and they couldn't
leave the book find out if that's true
[Laughter]
[Music]
because we were trying to figure out oh
the oyster things Tom how it spreads but
then my wife was like I think that shit
is actually contagious like if you are
the bacteria essentially right exactly
[Music]
you touch those things right yeah yes
terrifying they want to make people
dirty bitches they don't want people
coughing in their hands and touching
things then everybody gets food
poisoning like you kids literally can't
happen that way
my last honey-honey show that was the I
was it was puke City I don't know what
it was I it started in the middle of the
night before the show and you know it
was it was playing gig that for us that
we couldn't turn down and they had a
bucket for me backstage in case I needed
a like ditch does it affect your vocals
yeah it affected everything it was well
first of all the noises I'll be honest
you know what happened been graciously
let the crowd know hey Susie's not
feeling so well everybody like just
won't you know we're gonna give you the
best show we can but like give her some
love and I could feel it I could feel
their support and I got whether it was
adrenaline or what and I basically
played in my pajamas like I didn't do
anything to my face I didn't wear and I
was wearing like I just went out there I
was like like I was dead I was lying on
the couch and they're like we gotta go
and I'm like okay and it was a really
intense show and but also in like a kind
of beautiful like it was our last like
scheduled show together and you know Ben
and I were like crying and stuff and
like we had this whole thing but the
crowd really held me up they really did
I didn't puke during the show ironically
but I was sick for like days after that
and and then I I flew to Dublin the next
day to join the hozier band so it was
like a weird mind fuck I don't I don't
know a part of me wonders if it was
something like weird like mental thing
cuz no one else got sick but I mean I
was really sick my dad was a mental
thing but I doubt that I bet it was a
mental thing though that that crowd
raised you yeah you know they talked
about like one of the worst things that
happens to people in terms of like
illness and disease is loneliness one of
the worst things like there's something
there's something about people that are
lonely and sad it's it's one of the
worst things in terms of like indicators
of overall health like you just you just
don't have
a reason to go you feel bad people get
real sick it's real it's real bad for
your immune system yeah but on the other
hand when people love you and you go out
there and they know you're sick and they
love you and they send you there's a it
sounds hippy and woowoo but there's a
feeling I believe in that it's it's a
similar feeling that feeling you get
when kickstart my heart comes on
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
honestly it's a hundred percent concur
with you huh nice Thompson had a great
quote about music being fuel yeah he
looked at it like fuel save my life like
like my sadness my joy all of it my
inspiration it changes how you feel ya
hear a great song it changes it's a
fuckin drug it's just like a drug it
changes how you feel music has always
been a matter of energy to me a question
of fuel sent to mental people call it
inspiration but what they really mean is
fuel
I have always needed fuel I am a serious
consumer on some nights I still believe
that a car with gas needle on empty can
run about 50 more miles if you have the
right music very loud that's cool but
you know music as a writer and as a
listener has saved my life people do
more work you like music changes like
the way first of all how many people at
their job they have some bullshit ass
fucking job but music gets them through
like warehouse workers sure people that
are doing shit but they can hear music
in the background music gets them
through there oh shit not this one and
they yell it out to their friends and
everybody's having a good time while
they're working I mean that's just a
fact right it's every bullshit job if
you can listen to music at a bullshit
just empowering it makes that job way
better yeah construction gig they suck
when the fucking foreman comes over it
says no music guys yeah like what gnome
you
what is what is television or movies
without music oh we know there's a whole
bunch of dead space but you also have
that sort of like you know music score
to your life yes you know you have those
moments in your life where you're going
through a breakup or you're going
through whatever or you're empowered and
you you know four on some run the jewels
[Music]
get out here yeah he's the crazy fucking
speech at the Bernie Sanders rally get
out of here
like one of them goose-bumpy speeches
whoo-hee to run the jewels I I get goose
bumps I get like a physical reaction to
their music it's so powerful and and
killer Mike for president killer Mike
ever runs for president everybody better
be real he's a powerful orator like a
fucking New Age preacher when he was
doing at that birdie Sexton I'm like
dude that's some serious shit you know
like he was he was spitting flames
brilliant man there's something about
people that could do that right they can
have those fucking giant speeches and
that's one of the reasons why Trump is
successful is his ability to stand in
front of large groups of people and get
big reactions but he says dumb shit he
does but but it's all in who's your
audience you know it's all in like who's
there and what else have they heard that
night right that might be the most fun
shit they've heard that night if she
it's like if you're a bad comic you know
a lot of bad comics do they have
terrible comedians open for them so you
have like just like the audience is just
in a coma by the time they get up in a
sense that's what Trump is Trump's a
comic who said nothing but shitty comics
on before him so all the politicians
before me even the most interesting ones
are really boring to listen to talk to
for long periods of time but Trump goes
up there and it makes fun of Mike
Bloomberg's height by ducking under the
fucking table and any
hillarie crazy hillier lion hillary and
sleepy joe biden he makes jokes about
them I'm not saying I'm not justifying
what he does but the reason why he could
even do what he does because everybody
besides him when it comes to
communicating is so goddamn boring yeah
the way they get their message is so
fucking boring yeah Jesus you're fucking
killing me you're so annoying with the
fuck are you man who are you why are you
lying about your past why are you
pretending about this it's a weird
sleight of hand
you know something they're wearing a
mask killer Mike there's no mask now
he's guns blazing oh yeah that kind of
person is the future taco man
that's what's gonna happen back to the
truck it's like a it's like a magic
trick but so is everyone else that's the
problem the problem with saying that is
so is Ted Cruz everyone saw the videos
with Ted Cruz with his family like you
know pretending to have like a real
moment was family weird weird like
sculpted fake scripted reality Trump is
the antidote to that that's the problem
they're all crazy - that might be a
worse kind of crazy I think it's time to
trickin it's like someone someone made a
good description of it I think it was
Kyle kolinsky that's exactly what was he
was saying it's exactly like there was a
bunch of crappy comedians that were
imitating the cadence of Dave Attell he
always had these brilliant punchlines
and he he inspired a whole gigantic slew
of people that have imitated this Dave
Attell cadence most of it is hard
and they're just fans and they wanted to
be like him they might not even realize
they're doing it and they eventually
would find their own voice and that
happens I'm sure with musicians it
happens probably with everybody and are
in everything right but the problem is
it's like just just doing something like
that is I can't listen you can't run the
world if you're doing a character if
you're doing this because you're trying
to make it as a comic and you pretending
you're Dave Attell fine but if you want
to run the fucking free world and you do
in the Obama thing and you're talking
like this and you're talking the exact
cadence exactly the way Obama used to
talk like fuck you man
that's not you who are you bitch who are
you at least we know who Trump is he
might be crazy it might be madness it
might be you're right guess what they
all want the whole thing's crazy yeah
everybody wants to be President almost
everyone yeah except a couple of them
you know what I like well the fuck wants
to run this thing crazy people I think
it'd be cool if no honestly though if
the Democrats like teamed up with who
each other aliens oh I think they're
doing that right now Anders you're you
know a head of national security you're
president you're vice president you know
like it in this way that I think they
all have strengths it's tough to feel
like one of them has it all and and
essentially that's the case with most
people but if they I don't know I know
the Democrats I hate talking about
politics because people give me so much
shit about it and it will fuck them I
don't care I I think that like it's a
really scary time and Trump is
terrifying
everybody's terrifying yeah but his his
blatant I'm gonna pee I have to I'm
holding it together that's why I'm so
anxious right now wins this one we don't
have to play any more songs yeah but let
me come back you guys talk amongst each
oh I'm good I'm quick to be to know
Wow I feel like I have to pee again and
I've already on that man come on now
have I told you how much my mom talks
about how good-looking you are oh really
yeah she said it literally today I love
her and I said mom Gary's married to a
beautiful supermodel and he's about they
won't now you've had your third baby yes
well your mom she is she's great I wish
more people thought like get out of here
Gary think yeah it's a good life hey
Cheers that's very sweet thanks for
being here
Wow how about it we're running the Joe
Rogan podcast without Joe Rogan I don't
a mean how many people have got to do
this oh my god okay what should we talk
about Joe what a legend with his space
suit and his you know his antlers and as
their taxidermy in this room I mean yeah
yeah copy that
no it's a special place I feel like
we're in a bomb shelter of party town
you know like we're safe here and we're
gonna have a good time and we could stay
here for a while yeah I wouldn't be me -
yeah so how can we model our lives like
it's like wd1 sauna sensory deprivation
thing - what really yeah no but you know
Joe ironically sent Ben Jaffe and I from
honey-honey to a sensory deprivation
tank in Venice Beach it was going well
until I got to that point where I like
panicked a little bit Oh Joe we're doing
so good without you
I really literally wrote down sauna I
was just telling the story of when you
sent Ben and I to the sensory
deprivation tank the flow tank in Venice
and with crash crash my man yeah and I
kind of went in and crash was basically
like look I'm gonna lock the doors and
you guys are like in here you know do
your thing and so I was in the tank and
I got to this point where I like started
to panic and I thought I was just trying
to sort of go somewhere and then I was
like what if what if crash didn't we've
opened the air vent and I'm gonna
suffocate go for the door and that I got
it in my eye maybe I'm not sure and I
ended up like going I had to like jump
out and go to the shower and I was like
my eyes all rinsed out and I kind of sat
there in a towel like it's so ridiculous
I failed my first float thing you never
get this vents there's this air but I
will say I went to a cryotherapy in
Austin one of the last times I was there
and I loved it it's great right you feel
awesome I got I didn't last the three
minutes I did like 2:30 before I started
to panic I think they're supposed to
make you do - the first time I did - 30
that's your rebel who's the first woman
to say suck my dick was it was
Fonda oh I was gonna say I hope I would
hope it's like Sherman anymore anymore
gij right remember she was a Navy SEAL
she's like suck my dick that was the
best a woman who's ever said suck my
dick
now you're the queen wow that is a great
honor sir I believe I believe in me
honey days and I you know I did have a
nickname and it was suck my dick Seuss
say a little too often it's like a
reflex but it's a cool thing that a girl
could save though she's never dick and
everybody thinks it's hilarious like no
one gets offended ranges like you're off
the team
yeah woman like you think so one day we
would and this is where I get the me too
from you guys that would be like a good
indicator of like like douchebag
ashiness she was upset of you saying
suck my dick who are you yeah well
that's the climate we're in which is
kind of scary I don't think that way
though it's not that way because that
would require men to be upset at a woman
for saying something like suck my dick
that hasn't gotten that crazy yet I hope
the only way could ever is immortality I
don't think so either
there's a lot of bitches amongst us
there's a lot of bitches amongst us it
could go bad we could hit the rocks and
then bounce back you know what we need
but we need to conquer those inner
bitches that are just not capable
getting up
they can't yeah there's gonna be no
movement agreed boom they're gonna hit
that wall there's something some guys
look there's a for sure a lot of men who
would try to claim that way in that
direction well let's hope that's not the
case with this podcast
[Laughter]
cooperating a penis fucking horrendous
injustice the appropriative pretty sure
I said that at one of my I'm pretty sure
I said that at one of the last poker
games I played and nobody laughed so I
was like oh fucking playing poker with a
bunch of serious normies buncha normies
they can't handle it how much money did
you take from oh it wasn't you know
she's trying to have to fuck up her game
right now I've always wanted to be good
at chess that would be a thing that
would be like cool to tell people like
I'm really good at chess
really yeah yeah I guess so a thing like
you're really good at a lot of other
things so this is one of them once it's
like universally respected right me to
do to the place of chess like oh okay
Gary how's your chess game now checkers
on the other hand flip it up on his side
eat you all day of four squares oh my
god there's only so many games and
there's only so many I love game shows
in a day that's the problem
I recently this is so silly my dear
landlord slash friend invited me
downstairs to play this game that was
created by the Rich Dad Poor Dad author
and yeah and it's I can't I don't know
what it's called but it it's it's about
it's a financial game it's like a adult
Monopoly okay you get out of the rat
race I'm always scared when I play
Monopoly you get out of the rat race and
then you go to the like big dogs and
it's very enlightening because you're
kind of like buying property and then
you're like making deals and there's
something about it that well I did you
read Rich Dad Poor Dad no it's
interesting it's it's an interesting way
to approach your relationship with money
if you've ever struggled with it or
weren't sort of given a
crash course on how to handle it or not
handle it what did you get out of it um
I got that like the the power that money
can have over you is something to
reconcile with you know in a way that
you can live a healthier life and you
know not obviously in a consumerist
society like you kind of have this
constant like I need I need I need all
that stuff but Rich Dad Poor Dad I first
of all I read half the book I didn't
read the whole book so I can't really
like speak on the entirety of it but it
gave me a different level of confidence
that money was taking from me you know
like the war as an artist like I chose
the life to be a musician I could have
lived in Cleveland and sold spaghetti
and had a comfortable life but family is
great they have a great restaurant if
that ship has sailed because it's like
out of my immediate families hands but
at the time I've had many many moments
in my life where I was like should I
move home and just like ditch this music
thing because that would be so much
easier and money's been like this you
know you kind of have I've I've had a
rollercoaster and it can like rule my
sleep and rule my happiness and my
anxiety but when I read Rich Dad Poor
Dad and then in conjunction with this
board game I played with Russell it
really it's so funny it seems you know
what it seems like part of the whole
illusion of reality and obviously you
need money to survive but this the stock
that we put into it is pretty incredible
mmm you know and and and like the things
that we think that we need in order to
to like satisfy us yes yes and and I
feel like there's this weird mind game
I'm always playing with it yeah like in
in terms of like getting to the next
level in my music career like it's gonna
take this much how you're gonna get it
you know all that stuff
but at the end of the day I think when
you sort of really like release your
white knuckles on on the thing
it all works itself out I know that
sounds pretty you know broad but I think
uh money is something that's entangled
into life yeah there's there's great
aspects to what you can do with your
money but it's entangled into your life
in a weird way there's like there's what
you currently can do right based on your
circumstances based on your life your
health your responsibilities there's
what you can do and there's what what's
like what's humanly possible for you to
do hmm and when you see people that are
making a lot of money and you see that
money that money starts you to get you
think you know that's what you should do
yeah you should do that money thing
whatever that money is no no I used to
make less money now I make more money
and that makes more money then even I
make I got to do what that is to get
more money but then you do that you
realize oh but this isn't fun you know
most of my day is spent doing something
that's not enjoyable that's not what I
want to do so then it's what you want to
do what you can do what's possible and
what you want to do mm-hmm and they
don't always go together sometimes what
you can do is like you have too much
responsibilities and you're you're
always going to feel short-sighted by
life because it's random and it's crazy
and it's chaos but the money thing can
trick you like if you have well you have
a certain amount of money in the bank
like Bryan Callen said it best to me
he's like once you go to restaurant and
you don't worry about what food costs he
goes everything else is bullshit yeah I
was like do you're right yeah cuz that's
that's when you're free right when you
know your rent is paid you know your
your gas is paid your your car payments
paid you're not worried about it at all
you can just go eat let's go eat you
don't care you leave a nice fat tip
thank you good bye that's when that's
when you're rich everything other than
that is like what are you doing like you
just trying to score points because
that's what we're doing we try to get
the high score let's get the high score
I like that a high score like you're in
there fucking playing centipede all day
[Music]
just passed pong super old-school dork
shit but that's what it's like yeah it's
like you know yeah the minute you stop
obsessing about it it stops becoming a
problem yeah in some ways I mean it
depends on your situation but yeah for
me it feels like this weird like
spiritual grapple where I'm just like
like one side chill out though all the
things start yes always because you're
more relaxed if you're more relaxed
you're better if you're better you
attract people that want to do stuff
with you yeah desperate people
yeah anxious people are the worst is
angry people people that are angry that
they've been fucked over by the system
somehow and I'm not angry I will say
that and I feel really grateful for that
like with how hard I work in like trying
to get the things that I really want
I don't feel jaded or or you know
cynical about it I feel really excited
it's me and Brad Pitt yeah there's
something about these days though like
yeah I also have to appreciate them
because when they're gone they are gone
forever yeah they're gone they're gone
forever
I yeah I I think about that sometimes
yeah cuz I do believe like I I know that
I won't feel like I do now with like the
struggle you know whatever but I also
think like you know maybe this is I did
not read the secret or watch the secret
however I've had two guys I broke up
with give me the secret as a book dues
an arborist please limit trees but like
you have to be funny and kind of my
favorite poker tables is in bozo oh my
god she is a hustler Gary stay the fuck
away
do not have a water pocket money this
lady there's this bar there that has
like a six seat table and I probably go
in once a year and I love it and I don't
know if the same deal of the dealer's
name is Spencer and I'll walk in at the
last few years I love it makes me feel
so cool he goes honey honey
and you can play off of 40 bucks for six
hours and have a blast it's fun you know
it's just fun it's a hustler I like to
play cards
I like that fun fun games are fun for
people they are fun you know have you
ever done those VR quest things when you
put on a VR helmet go to a fucking
warehouse and once yeah fight gargoyles
and shit no I was dancing I was in a VR
dance like with this robot with John
Spiker Michonne Spiker had a VR helmet
and I was with him and his wife in Lake
Arrowhead and we were drunk and having
fun and then I was dancing with a robot
and then I got dizzy it's weird
well it the thought of it is
disconcerting because you're like it's
so let's sound the visual the actual
like depth of space you know you're like
in a real setting and then you come out
and you're like this isn't as fun as
that and that's fucking weird like
that's scary that's where we're at
oh yeah that's where the future is
because right now it's still pretty
crude you can still definitely tell it's
not real life but how long is that gonna
last they're they're they're so Duncan
speaking of Duncan had the very first
htz
HTC vive which is one of the very first
consumer virtual reality headsets you
could buy and he was like an early
adopter so when Duncan when they were
first going through it you'd put his
helmet on it was attached to a PC via
all these cables and you couldn't move
very far you had a very small area can
move in but and everything was really
really really pixelated like in no way
did it look real they looked more like
like some sort of an old-school video
game right
okay but then I came back and I just
podcast again two years later and I
tried the new one and the new one was
way better I was like whoa and the new
one I was at the bottom of the ocean a
whale swam by and I look right in the
whale's eyeballs I was like holy fuck
dude and he's like bro you should see
the poor no they don't
yes they do and and there was a few
quite a few things you can do this one
archery game it was amazing it was like
almost like South Park style characters
okay towards kill you and then you would
shoot out I'm like Roman times like
barbarians were attacking your castle
and you'd be on this castle with a bow
and arrow and you'd be shooting at these
like South Park looking shapes but it
was fucking crazy did you kill Kenny I
killed all the Kenny's but the problem
is you you're so tired
cuz your arms are just doing this for
minutes and minutes you're assaulting my
shoulders retired yeah everything was
tired yeah it's don't be a VR workouts
like you do yeah for sure
so you're like you know training with
Olympia great boxing games that I'm
super nervous you feel like you're
boxing someone you got headgear on and
there's a big Russian dude the fucking
cross on his chest is coming towards you
in time it's not their cartoon looking
do they look like like Mike Tyson
punch-out characters they're cartoon
looking can you feel
no no but you see white when they hit
you oh that's weird that's disorienting
yeah that's what it's like it would feel
like if you you know feel more that is
now as I say I was reading about one
just yesterday that's opened up I think
it's called dreamscape and have like
yeah animal thing yeah like you have
sensors on your hand and like the kids I
did that dreamscape they have it in
Century City but that's but the
difference between that is it's not like
a fight with a thing
like the boxing one it's see it's a real
workout yeah the dreamscape one's just
fun like they have one that's alien zoo
and there's like a thing there this this
this alien comes towards you and you put
your hand on its head to have like a
little you know that we got working
there and he's got a little foam rubber
thing and he puts right where the should
be and you touch it but you really feel
like it might be touching this aliens
fuck
I mean I will say I feel like like there
was like a little piece of my humanity
that was lost when I was in a VR
situation where I came back and I'm like
I got lost time or something yeah well
you said it's best that it's more fun
sometimes than regular life and it's
crude yeah when it's complicated
yeah this is the argument for simulation
theory the argument for simulation
theory is we know it's coming one day if
things keep if you go back to like the
mom you don't think it's already here it
might be I don't know I don't know if
you go back to Model T and then look at
like a modern brand-new BMW at the
amount of technology of this shift is so
radical and so so crazy and not that
long 100 years or so imagine what it's
going to be like a hundred years from
now because things are just speeding
we're still gonna be alive apparently
probably so the stuff that we're seeing
now in terms of virtual reality this is
just a tip of the iceberg yeah yeah
that's weird it's some freaky shit
you're gonna be able to stay home and do
concerts so that's the goal fully
immersive like someone's on stage with
you live show I don't know if you're
right I do I do know if you're right I
think you're right I think you're right
but I don't know if you're right
and I don't think I think we're limited
to what we're we're we understand people
are capable of right now I don't I think
until our actual like resources collapse
and you can't go outside and you have to
live in a bubble nothing can replace a
live music show or a live comedy show
like when you're right there I think
you're right for now until the VR gives
you the like breath the wind on your
face and the fucking heat from the
pyrotechnics or whatever by the way I
was at the Grammys when you played and
the pyrotechnics were I was like there
was fire I don't think they're very far
away from being able to transmit a more
immersive experience
call me a purist fuckin sucks sucks
you're gonna get a bunch of people that
are just no you first
the question is don't forget your
thought that's not the question that was
that was a request the question is I
can't is I can't believe that you could
replace check me out here
yeah thanks friend the energy that you
get from a live performance with virtual
reality
I can't believe or subscribe to that
thought that it is gonna be manufactured
digitally like you can get 3d effects of
the sensory stuff with the sound and the
visual and maybe even have machinery
that gives you physical like air or heat
or cold or whatever it would you know
simulate that thing but I can't at the
core of my being thinks think that you
could you could substitute the energy
that you feel when you connect with a
group roomful of people
cheers love you guys this is so much fun
salute do you know I'm saying I do I
completely agree with you but I don't
okay I saw Tupac live at Coachella right
Tupac go super jacked but was that the
same thing no no it's not the same thing
but I'm kind of in the middle like yeah
this is what I think I really think this
like right now you're right right now
you can't be at a show where you're on
stage live and get that same exact
experience if you were at home on a
computer or with a VR goggle I feel like
right now yes but in the future oh they
might be able to get to the point where
it's better to do it through VR cuz I'm
standing right next to you while you're
singing on stage last not the intimacy
of the
crowd experience where look can look to
your neighbors and be like fuck yes oh
right simulate that one way you can you
like that in cells that finally find an
online community and when they've got
reality they meet virtual reality not
only is it more satisfying than real
life has ever been for them it's the
only one things better than real and you
don't have that it's not happening this
might be the only way where they can
recreate some sense of community through
digital entanglement like to do these
together in a room real sexual
entanglement
you're so right but thank you unless you
feel like fucking Gary angry some people
are not gonna get they're not gonna
catch the right break they don't have a
good hand of card this is our this is
the worst thing that could ever happen
to us I think this is just a problem and
a puzzle I think the way we handle these
problems and puzzles is what's going to
define our future that's what I think
and then I think there's a lot of
old-school people with old-school ideas
I'm gonna try to keep things running the
same way they were when there's no
internet and no accountability I think
there's a healthy level of evolving and
integrating and also not going
full-throttle robot there's all these
things you know there's so many things
happening at the same time that can
affect your life forever you can't pay
attention to all of them and that
includes industrial waste yeah chemicals
fucking life and sucking all the tuna
out of the ocean and so where's the
bunker where's the party bunker there's
a lot of questions right the cosplay out
do we fucking figure this thing out
before the canoe gets to the waterfall
well in all transparency though like
when it comes down to it like the end
I'm not afraid to die wow this bitch is
crazy
I mean I don't want to suffer and like
burn and like nuclear like you know
waste and and be like in that aftermath
I really don't want that but you know
when it's like if it's lights out
i I'm pretty spiritual so I'm sort of
curious of like what's next yeah and
then if there's nothing then like what
the fuck do I care
yeah it is really right like this is
what I've always said everyone wants to
go to sleep but everyone's scared to die
mm-hmm right everyone's looking forward
to sleep I can't wait to shut off and I
hope I come back good god first of all
as someone who's been deprived of sleep
I love it shut the pod bay door whatever
the fuck is the future it's a matter of
time we're hanging out we're heirloom
people we're like the last group of
people I mean I'm the oldest of all of
us I'm 52 which means when I was a kid
don't even bad shape of all of us though
I'm going the same time what is that was
that quote there's a quote inspiration
is like bathing it's effective but it
must be done daily said it that's the
quote there's quote like that forget
who's had that inspiration it's like
bathing yeah yeah
it's like it's effective but it must be
done daily I can brutally and really
unpoetical II paraphrase that do you
know how I like back to like having the
Blues having like depression and stuff
that Bertrand Russell the first thing
that popped up a zig Zigler said I was
also changed a little bit I've seen 10
variations of inspirations like a shower
you need it daily and be an amazing team
ease so on it is the best he's the best
he's a goat I know I love that guy yeah
but but back to like you know /
inspiring yourself man whenever I've
been like really in it in my like head
and and down I just read a book just
something that takes your brain away
from what you're concentrating we're
just like you develop a new story or
inspiration or like even just like
jargon you're getting new words there's
something about it that's really
empowering you know I watched a movie
again real recently that I haven't seen
in quite a long time it's called
Jurassic Park it's called happy people
like a tiger it's a warrant werner
herzog don't mentoring it's a great
documentary about these really really
really fucking happy people and they
live in siberia and there's 300 of them
in this town and some of them are
trappers and some of them are hunters
some of them go out and pick pine nuts
and they grind them in this
old-fashioned wood machine they have
dogs everywhere they live on the base of
this river and they scratch and claw and
get by every year they know what to do
they work every fucking day they get up
they run nets through the ice in order
to catch pike I think where the kids
have like Hawks on their hands and like
Eagle no no okay sorry the Mongols
these are these people living this
really really really hospitable cold as
fuck area the river is only thought for
like 2 or 3 months out of the whole year
the river the fucking River it's a great
documentary but I want to watch in okay
and the thing about it is the city
Werner Herzog he's one of my favorite
documentarians cuz he's like he's so
passionate about fascinating things
whether it's this or grizzly man or the
one about the the cave paintings and
in France there's amazing documentary
about these 40,000 it's 40,000 year old
cave paintings they found in this cave
in France or like what in the fuck
aggghhhhh imagine what these people's
lives were like these creative people
that were like becoming what we are
today but only 40,000 years ago so
they're probably really fucking similar
to what we are and these people just
barely clawed by living in fucking caves
in France and there's cats and lions and
oxen and all these crazy animals they're
depicting on the walls these caves where
they raised their families and hope they
didn't get eaten I think that's what no
I think that its simplicity it's like it
is simply love like sustenance yeah and
intimacy you know like community and
community yeah everything like bonds
like the worst thing you could do like I
always said that's about prison what's
the worst thing they can do they put you
in solitary yeah isolate they take you
away from rapists murderers and thieves
yeah they put you by yourself you know
like no general population I'll take my
chances
you'd rather take your chances you know
what I loved about your Bernie sander
sanders episode was he said that there's
a epidemic in this country and it's a
lack of community yes and i thought that
was really profound he's right he is
right it you know you don't really like
half of us don't know our neighbors and
so since I've been home for a while
since my last tour which has been like
crazy
I've really enjoyed immersing myself in
in my community and like getting to know
where I like people where I get my
coffee and it feels so good to walk in
and have them be like hey Suze you
watching you want your oatmeal oat milk
want a latte and I'm like yes thank you
it's a little thing but it's not you
know you have recognition and people see
each other and that that goes a long way
it does man
it really does it does like knowing your
neighbors is a good feeling having a
community is a good feeling that's one
of the things that like we're talking
about that it's an indication of health
sure and or an indicator
poor health too is when you don't have
those connections they feel real lost
yeah they don't have a sense of
community and this that's one of the
things that any sort of thing can
provide them and that's why it's
dangerous to get lumped up in groups
because some groups are toxic can you
just you you really want camaraderie
that's like that's what gangs are all
about right like people grow up and look
real bad circumstances and together
through a group they find loyalty and
unity and they get compelled to act in
the interests of that group even if it's
like really dangerous illegal shit right
and so they do it out of love they do it
they do a negative thing out of a
positive for a positive reason because
they want love I think we all do that we
all do that with our ideologies we do it
with our religions we do with so many
different things we do we do it because
we want love and we're we're not we're
failing to understand the mechanisms
that are at work that are causing us to
be a fundamentalist or a reactionary or
a really a radical person on one side or
the other that's like we really just
want to be loved and but it's so simple
yeah there's so many things coming to
admit yeah I mean well I was telling you
guys earlier about the LA AFC the the
Los Angeles football club yeah I went to
my second game yesterday it was their
season opener and you know I'm a
die-hard Cleveland sports fan I love
where I'm from I love to try but love
the Cavs
I love the Browns but I kind of have a
beef with NFL it's not gonna do it so
high and mighty on Cleveland oh shit
who's the UFC heavyweight champion of
the world Stevie Miocic we're too steep
a live motherfucking Cleveland
but you said UFC what's that he's the
greatest heavyweight of all time do you
know that the UFC greatest most
accomplished heavyweight of all time is
lives and from Cleveland shut your mouth
he claims Cleveland okay he's a great
guy I am NOT as educated on the UFC and
I will and I and I also you know in all
transparency I know this is boxing but I
did watch the wilder fight did not like
it at all it made me very sad but yeah
sure did between a poker game have
you've seen a boxing match live or not
no oh no I watched it on the television
oh that's not live where are you from I
want to get into the UFC a little bit
more but I I get a little tripped up by
it
but what I wanted to say about you know
I first of all I love you and I want to
go to a match I just I just really yes
no time cool okay next weekend
I'm gonna be on tour okay but yeah Gary
Gary Gary watch people fuck each other
up god damn it yeah getting some FOMO
hey in my face I just comes back full
circle
[Laughter]
what I wanted to say was I know it's
taking 10 minutes the LA FC team is has
been constructed by some pretty great
folks in LA like like Will Ferrell's a
big impetus behind the team and Mia Hamm
and and all these great folks that kind
of tailored it to Los Angeles and my
first game was you could I've never felt
that kind of pride in Los Angeles like
I've always sort of felt like a
transplant here and I've been here for
almost 20 years and it was incredible
whoa the game itself is is mind-blowing
like it's nonstop and that like the
physical feat of and I grew up playing
soccer so I love to watch it I love to
play like it's great but the sense of
community here and the enthusiasm and
just the the way that they have built
the stadium in downtown Los Angeles it
was it was heavy did you you want a hand
of heart I did I felt it I felt it so
deeply you can make fun of me all you
want look at that gorgeous Stadium were
you a soccer fan excuse me football fan
can we just come up with one fucking
name we can't call it football okay why
because we have American football we are
listen this we're all in this together
I'm just talking about names I look I
don't even like football I think of
they're real and they take those fucking
helmets off I'm joking these are just
jokes fucking music I think you should
play football from fucking hamster
wheels just giant hamster wheels
slamming each other if you
and we're gonna have shoulder passes pat
up the fucking entire area around you
while we playing games hundreds of yards
you're in the center power in it they
slam in each other what's eliminate CTE
we just need bigger we need golf court
size areas to play on we get some that's
actually not even men that was the guys
in the transitionary period they were
transitioning that was right when in
yeah see the original men were leather
helmets yeah well here's the thing
here's a little shout-out to our Native
American friends one of the problems
wasn't when they first started inventing
football is the Native American teams
would fuck the white teams sure we had
these dudes were like you know college
educated you know trying to learn how to
play this new game and these Native
American dudes would put the smash down
on the fucking old school angry that the
grandpa got scalped bison for a thousand
generation put that real smart it wasn't
like they were making millions of
dollars which player you know they was
this is a new thing though they had real
jobs and then football yeah so this is
the story it's like if you google how
I'm sorry how American Indians saved the
sport of football it's an amazing story
and it's the really the origins of the
beginning of football they barely had
pads dead like these little shoulder
fucking things that like dudes have now
in sport coats to make themselves look
like they you know they're more boxy
crazy like that's the male equivalent of
a push-up bra there's a dude with like
padded shoulders and sport coat yeah
whenever I buy like a vintage jacket I
take the shoulder pads out because I
feel like a douche bag
[Music]
I think there was an NPR like a radio
lab podcast on people died playing
football people playing wait was that in
a year yeah 19 people died playing it
timeline one year oh my god those people
are different
get it I have to pee too but we should
probably play a song when Gary comes
back and you know exhaust your fan base
here's the thing they don't have to
listen this whole reason this podcast
became successful like Ari Shaffir who I
love know and love he's great at once
I love Ari to death I love him he's
amazing but our gave me the worst advice
ever and I talk about it often he's like
you can't have your podcast four hours
long why not I'm pretty sure the last
honey-honey podcasts were about three
and he fully admits it by the way but
it's not knock on Ari
no one knew what was going on back then
I was just stubborn yeah yeah I was I
think you've done a great job doing it
your way I really and I salute that and
I also like you know Joe you've had a
big hand in my career and in what's gone
on with honey honey and how you've
supported us and like there's something
very special about not just just doing
your way not tailoring it to anyone
else's agenda it's like it's pretty
fucking cool what you're doing my friend
but the crazy thing is that it happened
a hundred percent organically you know
there was no preconception there was no
idea this was gonna happen
just keep doing it and do what you like
and then eventually it happens but like
when you and I went to see Sturgill how
fun was that so good how fun was that oh
good but I enjoyed that so much eating
because like we went to see what another
one of our friends
and there's like real cool intimate
setting I don't know Sturgill you worked
with him never met him I love it there
was some communication we so we both
worked with Dave Cobb on honey honey's
last record was produced by Dave Cobb
and he does all of sergel's records for
the most things crazy I would have swore
that you guys had met no I've never met
him a huge fan loved him but I told you
I got mad at him at that one point where
he did like an 11-minute guitar so I was
fucking sick and then he said hmm all
right it's a little too much
testosterone let's tone it down for the
ladies and he played like a like a love
song and I was like he was just looking
for a good segue man first of all I
fucking love him and I but I like rock
and roll
you know else I love that dude who's on
the road with him right now Tyler yeah
he's cool he's a both of his albums that
I've listened to I don't know if there's
more than two does he have more than two
he's really good he's really authentic
yeah yeah they're doing like stadiums
aren't they they're like dude I'll see
myself out
Ben turn guys Sturgill told me he quit
sugar he lost 20 pounds you sent me a
taxes like motherfucker I lost 20 pounds
I'm ready to do some fucking arenas whoa
can I pee no I'm gonna pee now who has
three and then we should probably take
it we're going on a three-hour pod one
well no it's fine there's no one we have
no boss you're right you're right
Suzanne good luck return we don't say
nice things about you I love that dude
to death one of my favorite people new
introduction dude I love him yeah he's
he's amazing I've had a bunch
fun experiences with him but one of them
was like I have a couple of buddies mind
that at the time they were living in
Idaho they came down to visit me and I
said hey I go come on down these are
just like they live in bumfuck Idaho
right at the time shout-out to my friend
Kenton Ken crew 'the first light as a
hunting apparel company and my friend
Ryan Callahan and they came with me to
the Laugh Factory we just hanging out
and I said hey my friend Sturgill
Simpson's going to come by and they were
like what and they're like and then
we're all smoking weed and they're like
holy shit we just smoked weed with
Sturgill Simpson yeah sorry buddy gets
in trouble surgeon but and then you know
he goes he goes what the fuck just
happened we just smoke we was dirt
reserves not his last album but the one
before I didn't know I was supposed to
not tweet it but I was the one who broke
his album
I broke the cover I put I put it on my
Instagram I said this out was the shit
what he sent it to you a song everybody
knew how far before they released it was
pretty close it's pretty close he's he's
a unique dude you know cuz like it's
hard to define him like he's all over
the place that's kind of what time it is
thought I feel like I with you you know
I agree with you people are complex yes
and they should be we should be complex
you know and then sometimes not like I
love ac/dc yeah that's okay though it's
like I don't I don't think there's a
right way or wrong way I think it's
great to have all sorts of different
things you know a whole lot of rosie's
that's a fucking song for for the ages
and it's a real simple song about a
giant lady
well-put you know it's a real simple
song about a real large lady and it's
amazing a whole lot of Rosie's amazing
whole lotta Rosie ac/dc
man come on oh yeah come on sister and
we need a an an equal word - come on son
ooh - two girls you know I mean sister
works we need I'm a big fan of the
friendly-like come on oh you know just
in the friendly way I like all girls
hook when girls yell shit out I settled
down hooker yeah but it's all it's not
like in my day I feel like you're the
only person the only person I mean that
and I don't say that lately that I'm
like I can laugh when you're like yeah
bitch 2011 right we did that and the
world show 2012 that was fun
we did a did a show at The Wiltern in
Los Angeles on December 21st 2012
that was the Terence Mckenna thing the
end of the Mayan calendar
he had a compute this how deep that
motherfucker ran he got so high he came
up with an algorithm based on the each
hing that was mapping out time it wasn't
the Mayan calendar it was it was both
okay
it was the Mayan cattle T was based on
novelty it would coincided with this is
what happened he came up with a thing
called novelty theory and novelty Theory
he based off - II Ching the II Ching
which is it's a divination system a
Chinese divination system and they would
throw these hexagrams I believe it's hex
crams
and they would indicate a certain
pattern and they would try to recognize
this Pat was it hexagrams change
anyway they would throw these they would
throw these stones thank you so it's a
Chinese method of divination that's more
than a thousand years old and they were
trying to conduct what McKenna believed
this is what he believed in each Inge
really was he believed it was a map of
time and that they had through some way
figured out through hexagrams to
recognize a time was it was mimicked
about you could capture it in in
hexagrams in in in mathematics and
geometry it's like a string theory kind
of thing almost all right and that you
could come up with some sort of a system
to this thing and he called that system
time wave zero and what he thought that
system was he thought that was a system
of recognizing novelty like new ideas
creative things whether it's the
internet or internal combustion engine
or the Tesla electric car anything where
it was where you could map that out and
you could say okay if you looked at this
as a mathematical algorithm and you saw
how this was gonna play out
you could almost predict patterns in
this wave and where do you where do you
predict this happening and that
happening and where does it end where
does it get to a point with so crazy no
one knows what the fuck to do and in
Terence his life he believed that time
was December 21st 2012 and he as a
matter of fact my barracuda out of 1970
barracuda my my license plate was
December 2012 did you think it was
twenty first I was like if I'm gonna die
my favorite people on the planet
legitimately through the countdown
that's what I love there was no like ten
nine you're like Happy New Year
motherfuckers they just kept
it was great yeah it was fun it was fun
it was like my favorite people are my
family and my friends there's been yeah
and to be able to do a show and I wore a
fucking suit if Odin's gonna come
capture me he's fuckin very fine
David August Apparel Joey Diaz two-asset
yes don't Joey Diaz Doug Stanhope that
was so special thank you for bringing us
on it was fun just me and Stanhope look
I love Stanhope as much I'll cut my
fucking pinky off first and home but I
don't see him enough you know so
whenever we gonna make an excuse to do
this we're gonna do another I should
tell this right now we're gonna do
another end of the world podcast at the
new presidential elections so when was
it November 21st mm what is it like the
first week the first two first remember
whatever it is 2020 we're gonna be at
the Comedy Store we're gonna make that
shit happen we're gonna do another live
podcast this time it's just gonna be me
Stanhope and a couple other people we
last time we got too many people
November third end of the world everyone
even the people at the top of government
are just people we all they need to
listen to we all need acid and we can
work together
the soldat system that we're on this
fucking clock that we're on it's not
good for anybody
yeah we're not worried no one's good at
being wrong no one's good at being like
oh I made a mistake
I'm so sorry cuz you're a human and
that's what we do and that's where I
think there's this like real disconnect
with the people that are quote unquote
running this country you know there's
there's no room for error it shouldn't
be running it that's and they know it
that's why they're holding onto that
spot no one should be I think they would
do a better job running it if they could
exhibit human qualities and also be
leaders at the same time I agree you
know but I think they're scared I think
everybody's scared and I think when
you're in a position where here's rule
and killer
mind control over giant groups of people
you you barely can keep your shit
together like who are you are you an
alien
you have another fucking planet you know
[Music]
take me to your leader
dude member close encounters oh they
talked to be bull they're good
we should play a song or not I don't
know Suzanne we hit the perfect podcast
right we're at critical mass we do
whatever we want if you guys want to
play a song we could play a song but
this podcast has been perfect
it's a great flawless the universe has
called us for well we could play the
single on the way out you know we don't
have to play a live song we could play
another variation I think you can't
hotbox the Willing over here I can't
smoke and then play I'll smoke after I'm
already pretty intoxicated your weed
bros no no no I'm not I'm not a pro
there's this real pros there's real pros
you know I'm not Action Bronson I had
that motherfucker on his podcast I took
a picture this Khalifa I took a picture
his ashtray - I'm like what I'm an
amateur I'm a baby yeah a little baby
Tommy Chong gave me I'm a baby it's been
forever
the shrine I'm not gonna like just hang
on fire I love Tommy Chong as much or
more I would light it if he asked me to
if Tommy Chong sent me a direct message
at Pro I would really appreciate if you
lit that on air I'd light on air out of
respect I used to listen to big bamboo
when I was a little kid me and my
friends would have headphones on over a
fucking record player listen to Tommy
Chong and Cheech damn the fact I don't
even know those guys it still weirds me
out I want to get away from them this is
too real like how are you guys real I
know I give my acting days I worked with
what I teach he was on a show I work I
worked on teachings to be on that show
with Don Johnson remember that shit
you remember that shit I don't know I
know cuz of barracudas Plymouth
barracudas discontinued 1974 Cheech and
Chong will or Cheech rather teach Martin
not cheating John Thomas John was Monday
is not real this is life yeah this is
life money's not real I'm not an
accountant listen I have to check back
in from time to time just to make sure
that you know sometimes it's nice to
know so you can you know you're here and
I'm so glad you're here oh my god
I'm glad you here too there it is
there's Action Bronson that's good smoke
one two three four five six seven blunts
in the course of one podcast he had one
in his hand I think that's right that's
crazy
he went hard he just keeps going I don't
have the weed tolerance like I have the
booze tolerance how do you feel about
spliffs in here you love them you do you
Gary we have a fan we have this room is
set up for sale you feel bad smoke got
blown over here's gonna turn the fan on
it'll suck all the air out of the room
and connect us with Jesus look at that
was a fan Wow
yeah we set it up well we built this
room we had it set it up for Dice Clay
okay smoke smoke and I would never want
to tell him not to smoke so I bought
because I'm just happy he's here so I
bought him I bought an air machine oh my
god processed the air while he was there
and that's that's my Stanhope used it I
was like perfect all right now we got
one for smokers so fire up that spliff
kind sir
do not be scared young Jamie is
impervious to all forms of intoxication
he's probably from another planet he's a
thousand milligrams of THC no line why
and I'm like how are you he's like I'm
fine
twelve fifty excuse me pardon me I
haven't so far yeah 1250 I'm impressed
I'm very impressed he's an alien and
also inspired well you know like sheep
can't eat like certain grass and will
die to eat phalaris grab the fucking DMT
killer I did not know that yeah you
think you can take it it's a part of
your brain but if a sheep gets all like
they just died legs sticking up here
twitching it turns out they a day
DMT rich concentrated patch of grass
kills of dead in their tracks like
farmers in certain areas would find
these sheep like legs no way yeah the
last time I smoked DMT I was in the
bathtub and I was you know prepared to
have a moment and I got myself all
situated and I like lit up and then I
hear like and I'm like I get up and I
put a robe on and I go to the front door
and my old landlord Carlos was like me
Suze Suze
the ceiling is leaking and my bathtub
was leaking oh and I was you didn't know
no and I was very high it was a
terrifying expected oh my god your DMT
high so you pixelated and shit and PS
though it was kind of old so I didn't
get as like you didn't get a solid no
but I got enough of a head to be fucked
up with my landlord knocking on my door
when I was a little high on DMT so
anyway I haven't smoked it since I'd
like to at some point but Duncan
Trussell
[Music]
wouldn't I call Joe Rogan
- I'm with you guys they should be they
should be they're missing the point
well this like the drug users versus
fucking law enforcement you guys should
be on drugs you want to do good law
enforcement she all be on mushrooms
that's we should have every cop on
mushrooms like like you know that guys
in prison right now that guys dad's a
bank robber or that guy I think all cops
see Andrew yang had a great idea is all
cops should be purple belts in jiu-jitsu
which I agree with I think it's a great
idea so you should have some
understanding of how to defend yourself
if someone tries to grab you and get
your gun I 100% agree with that but also
why not be on mushrooms to their life
and death in the streets teach people
the right way we work together agree
I'll be a part of love oh yeah it's I
think it's possible
yeah I think we just need to adjust the
chemicals that we have just like you've
done with exercise and some people done
with medication or meditation and
medication some people do with music it
adjusts the chemicals and I think that's
I think every way that we know of that's
beneficial to adjust the chemicals
whether it's through yoga or meditation
or love or music or comedy or anything
you can find that puts you in a better
place we should embrace that and agree
mushrooms are one of those things I
agree it's not it's you shouldn't listen
to a CD highway to hell
all day long ac/dc highway to hell 24/7
is gonna be a bummer man
I mean you might you might like the
first two or three plays you know it's
like Billy Squier lonely is the night
you don't want to hear it every day mmm
but every now and then when you're in a
car you know how you have that bluetooth
thing that happens when your car synced
up to bluetooth yeah does your car do
that bluetooth we're like randomly to
play a song yeah it's always all no not
alt-j we goes through the a and yeah a
lot of Titans I told Tommy Segura that
what there was one of his bits would
come up like one of the first things
they say well it's any but sometimes
it's a random thing to it sometimes it
doesn't do it alphabetically it just
doesn't randomly and like you'll get
like a cool song out of nowhere just
plays when you start your car like oh
that's a trunk it's a little weird truck
yeah yeah what you guys do is a little
weird drug likewise so are we drug
dealers is that what you're saying good
way
we're like the proverbial do whenever
you could use we should be wearing robes
Willy be from the ghetto boys had a
Willie D from the ghetto boys had this
you leavin no you gotta do what you
gotta do
Willie D from the ghetto boys had this
video that he put up of James Brown like
right after James Brown had gotten
arrested for some some craziness but he
was like on the air apparently high as a
kite
[Laughter]
that's freedom he's got these crazy
glasses well we play yeah it's a famous
clip James Brown strangest interview
ever that's a real can I speak to the
manager haircut it's amazing his glasses
he's like yep got it perfect that's what
I'm trying to say bitch I'm not even in
your dimension you know that my favorite
James Brown video of all time is live in
Zaire live in Zaire before Muhammad Ali
and George Foreman fought yes yes and
James Brown comes out and performs live
right before Muhammad Ali fuck's up
George Foreman BB King's on that and you
got a real what is this 74 or something
is that what it said
74 you got a this is the world's a
different place James Brown live in
Zaire just crushing it just crushing it
and again what the fuck was out there
like James Brown before James Brown
answered nothing no not a fucking thing
not a thing a human original just superb
us mean JB James Brown thank you Jersey
I'm sorry
Christ you're white meanest thing you've
ever said to me Joe I knew once I said
oh my god a dude like him I mean he's so
goddamn talented he could wear whatever
he wanted yeah he could wear some
bullfighting cape right James Brown oh
my god far easier than a male a male
pull in our office you know what though
everything has already been done for the
most part oh I I do I think like like
sexuality and individuality in a lot of
ways have been exacerbated and now the
weird I sound cynical I think the thing
now is being authentic that's what's a
rarity I agree with you if that's what
you are
but if you're some hyper sexual James
Brown motherfucker from another
dimension this is for zero before grtt
no no vitamins to speak of stem cells
yes dude a lot of home cooking and a lot
of love that is fueled by love I was
like maybe four people on earth as
famous as he was in 1974 there he is man
that's a that's a weird moment in time
you know it's special I was watching a
video of Elvis Presley singing
suspicious minds and I was like that
poor bastard never had a chance never
had a chance
what do you mean this is what I mean
there was no
famous before Elvis it never happened it
wasn't real and then all sudden this
young guy out of nowhere and all the
signs are there like his marriage his
wife when she's 14 why is he doing that
because he wants to reclaim his
innocence like people call him a
pedophile like maybe but there would be
probably a bunch of instances of that I
think it was more likely this is a guy
swing key like sliding away from reality
with pills and he and stardom that's a
good question
how old is he what about that in this it
was funny about that was we would expect
there would be a year where he should be
able to keep it together cuz like I
don't think he died that all pretty
young there
how old was Elvis when he died he's like
45 not that old how old was he young
Jamie drum roll please yes sir four and
35 done in 77 642 yeah 42 that ain't
shit shit no it's not and it was he was
a new thing there was a new thing the
new thing was this fucking insane
supernatural sex appeal star with
tassels on his pants doing fake karate
crazies taking pills he was kind of a
sacrificial lamb though in a lot of ways
did you imagine like and then there was
Michael Jackson Michael Jackson hold my
beer you want to see crazy how about I
do what you do when I'm six the weight
of the world on your back of like icon
that you are and the barriers that
you've broken and then the you know the
effect you've had on people and how much
they rely upon you I can't fucking
imagine I can't imagine either Jamie
some of his karate was fake he was
actually trained by Edie Parker who was
a noted Kempo karate master and back in
the day like in its pants rip when first
of all how did
what do you mean it's a great moment in
history yeah but I know he was really
kind of squatting there and some crazy
farm in Brazil horses that's not lenny
Kravitz's there's a whole video online
when you see him and as a state in
Brazil Jesus he's amazing he's so
fucking talented well are you gonna go
my way
maybe - he's so talented he's so
talented there's a film where he
produces Mick Jagger's record Wow record
from Mick Jagger wow it's incredible are
you super you can tell just when Jamie
because that's an amazing video because
you can tell like what kind of a person
he is by following him around this house
where he talks about like what these
things in his house mean to him like
what like little pieces of art things
that someone left him think people you
know the things that have like real
significant meaning to means talking
about why and what they are
Architectural Digest okay yeah
people try to be weird I'm gonna get a
fucking ranch in Arizona
I see your ranch in Arizona I raised a
ranch in Brazil what is this one when
you talk about levels this how is this
dude
let's let's guess let's be conserving
and say 73 yeah might be 76 right yeah
here we go drumroll please come on
Aubrey de Grey podcast I do have a like
I feel like these people are joyful you
know I think that that's the anti-aging
contingency is as propagating joy I
think you're right and I think with Mick
Jagger one of the big things is that
makjang is like really really into
fitness oh yeah he works out twice a day
he does varga he does yeah he's like oh
I see what's like you got to keep this
fucking boat on the river you got to
keep this boat on the river and he gets
after it he does it's legendary he does
dancing dancing is everything is a lot
his heart so if you want to see Mick
Jagger that's some dancing in the
streets right there he's gonna stand
still no this guy's fuckin hustlin
realizes what he's doing do you guys
dance do you dance
I do this is my my thing is what I'm in
my studio I work all by myself and I
just dance crazy
fuck yeah Gary yeah absolutely I'm
busted out someday
Gary awesome yeah why not man you desert
to your own sounds
I love making my own I don't dance
enough I dance at home alone often but I
should get out and like exercise too
sure it's not just a physical exercise
it's like a spiritual exercise in that
URI you're enjoying yourself though that
word spiritual so poisoned by crystals
and fucking freedom it's true it's true
yeah why should why should joy have
boundaries
it shouldn't we're all scared no not
this I had this conversation this friend
of mine about Bernie Sanders we were
talking about socialism and you know I'm
like he's like don't never thought you'd
be into socialism like I'm not a
socialism but but what what about fixing
the things that are broken doesn't seem
appealing to you and we have socialism
for a lot of different things like the
fire department in the police department
but I'm like but that's not what I'm
into this is what I'm really into I'm
really into like people having a big
stake in community and I think when you
look out for other people that's when
you have the biggest stake in community
and I think that's one of the things
we're missing today we're missing we can
we can do it in our neighborhoods like
we were talking about like you know your
neighbors it's really nice but I think
we could do it in an expansive way as
long as we didn't give in to the the
temptation to be shitty to people that
we don't know and treat everybody as if
we're all a part of a community I think
that can be done and I think the best
way to sort of enhance that kind of
thinking is to make decisions that are
for the downtrodden make decisions that
are for the working class and the people
that are struggling and the people that
are just trying to put food in the table
and keep a home he did that's that's
concentrate on that first before
anything because those are the hardest
hardships yeah and there's too many
people that have this idea that everyone
that's in that experience is there
because they're lazy or because they
don't work hard or because they don't
really think that they just make excuses
there's a lot of people to do things
like that but it is because it is it is
a thorough ignorant but it's it's also
that they don't know they have an
experience with those people who
experience and if they this is the thing
about every person alive you look at a
person look at a person who's doing
great look at a person who's falling
apart you would be that person if you
did what they did there's not much
difference unless you're talking about
physical things like the difference
between Usain Bolt's running speed and
the difference between mine physical
things this is our unsurmountable I'm
fucking positive there's certain things
you can't get past but there's a lot of
things you can yeah you know and and one
of the problems that we all have is our
perception believe look at things if we
could look at things as more like we're
all cool we're all together like nobody
wants you to do bad like let's all do
good we can all do good together we can
we can all go forward or that mindset
some people that want you to do bad and
those people also deserve attention
exactly which for they're just so scared
to be treating in the wrong way yeah
treating them like we need to kill them
and it's like it's like the hurt people
hurt people thing you know you just you
got to see those people and say hey I
see you and I'm gonna hug you and I'm
like let's all fucking move together yes
the problem is some of them are really
legitimately broken yeah like some
people have done a terrible job of
raising their kids to the point where
they've broken the kids and those kids
need to find some way back to the garden
it's hard and that's the reality of
scale the the fact there's 350 million
people just in America mean is that the
real number is that North America
because that's fucking crazy for us to
try to put that into perspective is
almost impossible I don't think we even
understand what that number means and
that we're all supposed to be a team but
I think it's possible I think we just
have to look at it the right way like
you have to have no room for
douchebaggery no room possible but it's
not impossible I don't think it is I
think people just need a higher level of
gardens and of understanding of the
consequences of not behaving that way
and the
benefits of behaving that way the
promise we look at it like it's a
negative like somehow it's a weakness if
you're if you show if you show any sort
of sympathy or compassion or or under
stri to have some understanding for
people who are downtrodden or poor
people look at you like you're weak like
no you're you're looking at the wrong
way you're looking at you feel
uncomfortable about it because it makes
you feel weird because there's too many
variables and it'd be better if you just
nail it down to a 1 or 0 either lazy or
they're good hard-working people if
they're good hard-working people to
figure it out if they're lazy they don't
it's not yeah it's there's so much more
just too many of us there's too many
variables the idea that like no one
should get help that's so crazy I was on
welfare when I was a kid it's it's
important it's important for people it
keeps them fed it gives people a chance
like that doesn't mean that people are
gonna come steal your money
that means we should all chip in a
little bit but we have to figure out how
to make sure the government has our
confidence we feel like we can throw
them our money and they're gonna do the
right thing with it and we're gonna help
communities we're gonna help people and
that's what everybody's worried about
for a good reason
it's cuz who the fuck knows who's taking
your money they don't give you an
accountant cheat they don't show you
what they're spending on you just give
it up that's what I meant earlier when I
was like I don't know what's true I
don't know it's hard but at the same
time I think what you're saying is so
powerful because like you can have your
sort of government affiliations and like
oh these are the people that are quote
unquote taking care of us and then you
can also take care of yourself and each
other and recognize your neighbors and
recognize your community and and kind of
build from the ground up know who your
your local representatives are you know
for fuck's sake like your kids in their
schools and like all that stuff like
that is a very powerful tool well in and
even I mean those are official titles
and official designations and all that
stuff is awesome too but it's also just
know who the fuck is around you right
like in and be nice to each other and
figure it out together well we're all
acting like everybody is not
help you and everybody's not gonna
understand you and then when that gets
fed to a scale of this impossible number
of 350 billion people 350 million people
doesn't even make sense to us it's so
hard for us to ever understand what it's
like to try to like do what's best for
350 million people it doesn't make sense
so you just do what's best for yourself
and you go it's gonna work itself out
it's gonna sort itself out
if there's ever conspicious action
involved in that exactly and if there's
ever a conspiracy to keep people still
but that's the conspiracy yeah make that
seem like it's normal
make that you really can't affect things
and you really should pay attention to
this and we should all figure out a way
to do it together where the the whole
motivation is to make life better for
everybody when you're really really
really really rich let's say you're
really really really really really rich
what if you're just really really really
really you are contributing in a dynamic
way to a system that helped you get
really really really really rich see the
balancing act is not wanting to get to a
place where you stifle people's need to
do well because they they have they need
to have some sort of motivation some
people do you want them to have
motivation but you want them to feel
good about contributing to that's that's
what's up it's not this idea that
they're gonna come steal your money it's
like no we're you're gonna help
you're gonna help we're not stealing any
money you're gonna help people that
can't help themselves there's people you
might have got lucky you might have got
a good parents and a good situation good
neighborhood good school he did well
some people don't so you'll get fucked
when they're really young they get
robbed they get beaten up they get
tortured they get scared that's normal
in life too and you can help them and
this is what I think when you get lost
in words like socialism and
libertarianism and all these different
fucking labels that carry all this
weight behind them if we just say like
what's your intentions is your
intentions to make the community a
better place for everybody and make
people happy and make
people have food and make sure people
are loved and make sure people are in a
war that's what we should do as a
community
yeah that's what we should do all that
of this stuff is bullshit because if you
don't have that you don't have anything
and you're gonna feel you're gonna feel
really uncomfortable yeah that's the
thing and these fucking labels whether
it's liberal Republican you fucking cook
you know you goddamn hippie all these
different labels of people it's so easy
to dismiss people with these labels and
they have such an agenda right and it it
plays on that part of the human psyche
that wants to be a part of a team and
attack opposing ideas it becomes a
fucking tribal thing it's so hard to
sort out what's right and what's wrong
you know
but I think we're in a weird space where
there's no one at the wheel I think this
is the first time there's no the
government doesn't have a hold of wheels
there's a mystery yeah but no one's at
the helm no one's got a hold of that
goddamn battleship
you know the pirate ships they have
those handles on the wheel and you know
strap yourself in and shit no one's at
that wheel
you know where I'm gonna I'm gonna go
out on a limb here you said this earlier
and we laughed about it but like the
thing is you know you said the word love
and like music and art and you know
things that are cohesive in communal
environments and helping people come
together like in terms of like feeling
like like what what can I contribute
like fuck how can I help because this
feels like an epidemic this this
disbandment you know amongst us and all
this fear everybody's so scared I'm
scared
you know I am scared I go in and out of
it I don't know my fear is fleeting
you know it's things that are that feel
a little superficial at times but at the
end of the day like this love thing that
the energy that you know you you could
make fun of me I don't give a fuck you
know like the fact is like we all need
it you know we all want it and we all
deserve it
so what what are you gonna do with that
you know like we can sit here and
dissect politics and agendas and this
guy and this guy and socialism Allah
stuff but we all need to feel that thing
and it is love yeah and it's very very
very powerful and it comes in many forms
in and has you know different hats and I
think that right now like like I'm sure
that you feel it at a show right when
you play music for people you know I'm
sure you feel it all the time you know
with your podcast and with your shows
and with the outreach that you have and
you know and forgive me I don't want to
assume you know and I feel it in all the
varying degrees of the shows that I play
in things and like at the end of the day
this stuff it like where we're at is a
scary place but there's like this thing
there's just like kind of one thing and
it's it is the love thing and that has
like a bunch of different adjectives
around it and verbs that are like
recognizing each other and seeing each
other and saying hey we're different but
we're the same and we're okay like let's
keep moving you know the thing that
saves me from all this like deep depths
of fear is that like period there's
really nothing else I have to say like
because it's a weird world that we're
living in but that's the thing that's it
it is a weird world and people can tip
left or right or that's bad and now
people get tip good or bad one way or
another depending upon how you approach
them sure and this is the thing that a
lot of us get wrong you run into someone
they're a dick you're a dick back it
turns into a fight you're like oh that
guy was a fucking dick yes
but sometimes when someone's a dick and
you're not a dick they stop being a dick
we literally talked about this at the
beginning the podcast right that's right
we're like will you do defuse a
situation where energy gets heated and
somebody's angry or you know I don't
know if I should retell the story but
like you know you
it's accountability to like you know
when you master presumptions right right
conversations with presumptions of how
this guy feels about you like could this
fucking guy thinks I'm an idiot I know
like a winner Society it's like you have
to be right but you know what it's a
it's fucking okay to be wrong I fucking
made a mistake I'm so sorry it's not
just okay to be wrong it's a gift when
you're wrong to give because that
humility that comes with being wrong is
what really helps your education as a
person yes
agree as a fucking girlfriend a
boyfriend a lover a father a son you
learned when you fuck up you learn you
learn like goddamn I was wrong yeah
that's a valuable lesson because it's a
humiliating lesson when you set yourself
free to because there's a there's some
when you're hanging on to righteousness
like this like you know an ability to
say that you were wrong yeah that is a
fucking burden it's not just a burden
it's it's a foolish pursuit like you
should relish every opportunity to
apologize and say you're wrong as a
showing of strength yes if you think
you're strong you you think you're
strong and you know you're wrong and you
don't tell the truth well then you're a
fool you're you're missing out on an
opportunity for you to be strong for you
to show that you're strong this show
that you made a mistake I've made a lot
of mistakes I make them all the time I'm
a fucking dummy all right I do my best
but ultimately the other day there's a
lot of dummy in me and I do my best but
if I make a mistake I will fucking own
the shit out of that mistake if you talk
to me about it and you want to have a
good discussion about it I'm not one of
those people that I don't think there's
any value in pretending you didn't make
a mistake I think there's a real
societal misconception it's they don't
know the people that did it didn't
understand the rules that were written
were written by people who really hadn't
had a good grasp of the territory yet
they didn't really understand what
they're saying they should have taught
people that in school they should have
taught people like that in junior high
school high school for sure it's just
said you're your failures those feelings
that you feel like they teach you about
history and math and those things are
great there's nothing wrong with that
but they should have taught us about how
your failures are a very value
bull fuel you have that feeling that you
get when a girl dumps you with a feeling
that when you crash your car or that
feeling that you get when you fucking
ruin something you say something wrong
when something comes out of your mouth
when you anything you do wrong you flunk
out of a class whatever the fuck it is
that negative feeling is a boost it's
supposed to take you into the next orbit
it's supposed to blast you into the next
level of understanding what you were
doing wrong and how to improve in your
life and how to go forward with better
habits and if you don't experience that
pain that feeling that embarrassment
then you don't really know how valuable
it is to stay on your grind mmm and
people say it all the time and it
resonates are people gonna stay on your
grind like yes yes but why do you think
that it's not okay to be human like why
do you think societally speaking we
can't just be like accountable and
strong at the same time we're just
nervous it's not that we but like I mean
like systemically like that is since the
beginning is that like them like monkey
brain in us that's like you have to be
alpha all that shit like I thought about
this forever
fucking boggles my mind just because
we're worried about people that are not
pulling their weight when people are
starving to death
it's an ancient ancient instinct when
they look if we barely had enough food
to keep our babies alive and our friends
alive and our parents alive barely had
enough food and we saw someone slacking
holy shit did you want to fucking kill
them if you saw them someone that was
sneaking food that was taking too much
food or you saw someone that wasn't
putting in their work and you were just
slightly shy of being comfortable and
you knew this fucking lazy motherfucker
they just did their work we would all be
fine but they don't do what we do they
they claim their foot hurt or they claim
their back hurts and they go back to
their cave and everybody wants to kill
him
that's what the fuck that's for it's a
resource balanced relationships like the
sort of aggression against like welfare
people that need it and people that
don't know that exact you know exploit
it I get it
exactly exactly if they will what's
called it's attaching ultimatums or
Ultimates rather like this is the
ultimate truth to any sort of
circumstance and
general sense to pretend that you have a
million fucking yeah let's pretend you
have a city of X amount of people you
have a million people that are on some
sort of assistance whether it's food
stamps or welfare or whatever to pretend
they're all one thing is crazy
to pretend it's all one story is crazy
one set of circumstances one says that's
nuts that's nuts
the the the question should be like look
there's no billionaires or sign up for
food stamps right there's no
millionaires that are trying to get
welfare money right so it's only when
you're desperate so the question is like
how do we engineer society so the even
the most desperate people never hit that
spot never hit a spot with a need
assistance the most desperate people are
always taken care of well they don't
have to worry about it and then what
motivation is is just following your
dreams doing what you enjoy doing
whether it's a thing like playing music
or writing books or whatever it is
whatever it is finding that thing but
that that motivation for doing that
thing should be above all above the idea
that you have to survive by doing some
shitty job to make a living to pay for
your bills and just robbed you of your
your your time and your resources it
should be like hey fuckface recognize
this you don't have a lot of resource
okay alright let's just pretend you
don't you don't need a job we're gonna
give you the money you don't need a job
but understand this motherfucker you
give it a gift you give it a gift that
Beethoven never had Hendrix never had
nobody had it you got you got money
enough to live now go but understand you
got if you're lucky you live 80 years
everything over there is like tomorrow
well every time you sneeze you're
wearing you gonna die yeah we just have
to look at the way we distribute money
as being like we think about it right
now as being this is the way we've
always done it this way we're gonna do
it but money didn't even exist really
recent it doesn't mean we're doing it
right we shouldn't have tents filled
with homeless people that's fucking
gross we should have people shitting in
the street in San Francisco that's
fucking gross if you guys have to pay
more money to make sure there's health
care for a bunch of homeless people with
mental illness that are shitting all
over your street
you should definitely spend that money
because you're not gonna fix it but a
bunch of dudes that squeegees and
fucking power hoses out there where's
that shit going you know what they do is
they they give those people a little bit
of money and I'm bus ticket to like Salt
Lake City or something or Austin Texas
or awesome they do that yeah and then
they drop them off and they say you got
a motel for 30 days and then get them
the fuck out and then make them somebody
else oh fuck yeah and they make it
somebody else's problem we tried to
trace that right it's gross there's been
all over the country they ship them to
different place yeah they had a huge
thing in Orange County there was like
like almost like a mile-long tent city
and they got them out I don't know where
they sent them you know what that's like
it's like the human equivalent of
throwing a cigarette out the window on
the highway
someone's gonna figure it out it's
terrible it's Tara what are we gonna do
guys what the fuck are we gonna do
Suzanne I think you figured out a lot of
things you selling yourself short
yeah amazing revelations during this
show and they've all been documented
shit yeah um but I think the more I mean
it's gonna sound ridiculous but I think
the more conversations people have like
this we try to figure out what's going
on yeah try to concentrate on what what
do we need to do like that 300 percent I
think that's real wake up and walk out
of the house
yeah I'm understanding your what's your
intention I think it goes back to yeah
that but I think what you were talking
about with you know coming up levels and
and different upbringings and this and
that it's it's a factor and so it's not
that easy
yeah well learn about people that are
different from you you know I think that
a lot of folks ignorant is something to
recover from you know you if you don't
know if you haven't if you're you know
religious type and you have an opinion
about gay people but you've never met a
gay person in your life and what it's
like to be gay and why you know it's
like you think it's a choice or whatever
you think you know until you have it you
can't really have an opinion until you
actually sit across
somebody and look them in the eye and
talk to them you know I think that's
that's where a lot of this you know
discord comes in in terms of we're all
different and we are but we're not you
know I don't know how we I don't want to
go there but we're there
we're different about is the things that
are superficial yes thank you yeah well
we're not different about is what we are
we're human beings whether we have weird
accents or styles or hobbies or musical
colors all that step whatever we're
interested in whatever the weather is
the way we like to dress or the style
that we'd like to eat or the places we
like to live or all those things are
interesting mm-hmm but what we really
are that
that core whatever the fuck you are at
the center that's a human being yes that
that's what's real that's what's real
and when you love people and they love
you and you love each other back you all
recognize that that thing that human
being thing is the same it's the same
it's the same in your children it's a
man your mother it's the same in your
neighbor it's the same in everybody
yeah it's the same it's it's love it's
like us and we don't you know the only
time that people lash out is when
someone lashed out against them and it
all gets terrible and cockeyed and
twisted but well we we are is the same
we're all the same going through this
weird strange existence it's almost like
some crazy game that's being played out
simulation no one knows but what but
even if it's not a simulation in this
this one people need to understand even
if it's not it still is even if it's not
even if this is real it's still a
simulation you you were fucking nothing
14 billion years ago you are a part of a
head of a pin
and you exploded and the only reason
your fucking human body even exists
because of the Sun explode a nuclear
rebel yes we are I think that song we
start Moby yeah fuck you and we got to
care
so we're all stars we are
million-year-old carbon and we've got to
get ourselves back to the car you
started with the whole summer dude in
all fairness I started it because I
called you bitch like three times only
you can call me that no one else
alright here mark my word friends the
only one she talked shit to me too
though don't get wrong what do I say
whatever you can awesome yeah that's
about as good as a podcast and get do
you guys want to do one more song and
wrap this bitch up and bring it to
Valhalla
well should we put oh my god it's just
five o'clock let's play this is a more
than four-and-a-half hour podcast
jamming this is a record four hours
right now oh that's right you guys
warmed up a bunch you've done this long
before Kevin Smith has a record right is
he of the record
Justin Collett we did two pot can you
invert it of five and a half hours
fueled Burt I've never met him but I
love fuel buy some tools okay I would
love to yeah please okay 100% big fan
that's the machine but you know the
machine with wisdom please
greatness oh god bless it okay so you
know Gary played on the song it's called
fall for that okay sounds like this
yeah it's gonna come out like
Spotify all that stuff in April in April
the full album
no no just this song when's the song
one's a full album not sure she ends on
how much it's a mystery I can get it
together you'll come here when it comes
out please % jr Susanne Santa
peace and love to you all we did it
[Music]
[Applause]